---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 31 Mar 2017 18:43:49 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]<snipped>... I'm pretty sure at some point you have thought about how an artificial intelligence would work or whether it is even possible, like every other computer scientist. What I would like to ask you is, do you think it is achievable and why?(And just to be perfectly clear, I'm not talking about just passing the Turing test but a fully functioning ai with at least a sort of conscious.)[/quote]\n\nI think so, and I think we (humans) are evidence. \n\nI think the turning point, for me, was watching [url=https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/how-the-computer-beat-the-go-master/]AlphaGo defeat Lee Sedol[/url]. I used to play go (weiqi, baduk) quite a bit, so I watched the games live and listened to the commentary of various pros. I had thought that a go playing computer was still 5+ years away from beating a pro on a full board, so I was as shocked as anyone. The story changed rapidly from "Will Lee Sedol sweep the series?" to "Can Lee Sedol win at all?"\n\nBut what was particularly interesting to me was how the commentators referred to AlphaGo and its play. Early on, they clearly referred to AlphaGo as a machine, later, they started using words like "brilliant" and "cunning" to describe its moves. Those are words that we typically reserve for "ideas" generated by humans.\n\nI'd seen something similar occur a decade earlier, with chess (but it didn't affect me as personally). At that time, it was interesting hearing grandmasters starting to describe the play of various computers as "aggressive" or "creative". They ascribed personalities to various programs, and that's my takeaway from watching these game-playing expert systems evolve: what we think of as personality, as brilliance, as independent thought ...: these, I personally believe, are words for describing decisions (computations) where we can see the result but not the logic being applied.\n\nAnyway. Back to A2.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
