---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Fri, 06 Feb 2015 10:34:41 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

Anonymous says:
<!-- more -->
<p>\n[quote]... The lab handouts are a little vague and sometimes its not clear what we are supposed to do. Our TA's also like adding on extra requirements during lab time stuff not mentioned in the handout, adding to what we already have trouble finishing during the two hours.[/quote]\n\nYow. I need more details than what is in this feedback. In particular,it would be useful if I could sit down with you to see what you're finding vague. I have some ideas from visiting labs this week, but if you're willing to come forward, I'd appreciate spending a few minutes reviewing a lab with you.  \n\nAnonymous says:\n[quote]They should review the labs themselves beforehand because any problems in the instructions are found by students doing the lab, which just wastes everyone's time.[/quote]\n\nI've forwarded your feedback to them and reminded them that preparation is very important.\n\nAnonymous says:\n[quote]I think you should either give us less work to do or start giving marks to people who haven't finished the lab but stayed until the end like our other cs labs.[/quote]\n\nI believe this is already the case. I haven't yet seen marks for this week -- and I will check them carefully -- but as of last week's lab (lab 4), I am confident that everyone who has attended lab has earned full marks or better. The TAs are recording multiple checkpoints -- but that's for us to interpret how much students are completing and where students are having trouble making progress.</p>
