---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Fri, 16 Feb 2018 09:10:20 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]This isn't exactly a criticism of the course lectures, but more so of the assignments. (Apologies in advance, this is a long one)\n[/quote]\n\nNo worries! Thanks for writing. I'll cut it apart as I respond.  \n\n[quote]I feel as though the assignments pages are not nearly descriptive enough. They tend to leave more questions about what you as instructors want, rather than how I as a student am meant to do it. I think that when that is the case, something is very wrong.[/quote]\n\nI'm of two minds about this. On one hand, I think you're right that we purposefully leave some questions for you to explore: specific issues with files in /proc, for example. On the other, I don't think that was really the case with this assignment. Here are the things that (I felt) people asked about\n\n1. The structure of cmdline: This one is tricky, because it's a window into memory and can be changed by the process. I can see that we might have added more to handout about it.\n\n2. How to handle error conditions. There are a number of different error conditions, but there's one principle: your code should detect errors and report them. In one specific function, the tree generation function, we specified that when errors are detected they should be reported but the tree should still be built.  \n\n3. How to debug/specific issues encountered. That's not an assignment handout issue.  \n\nSo ... what else was vague?  I feel like there was a lot of traffic on the board, but much of it, in my opinion, was repetitive.  \n\n[quote]For the past two assignments I and many people I've spoken to have felt like we've needed to spend hours reading and re-reading the assignments page, then spend just as much time scouring the discussion board before we are confident that we even understand what it is the assignment wants in particular cases.\n\nI fully understand that part of being a good programmer, and moreover, a good computer scientist, is thinking of the best way to handle cases as they arise in a project. But at the same time, when a lot of these decisions come down to preference and opinion, and not some rules that every student should know is where I have an issue. \n\nTo sum up what I mean in a few sentences, on the discussion board for A2, Professor Petersen mentioned that if generate_ptree returns with a value of 1, print_ptree &quot;should return 2 once an error is detected, instead of printing a flawed tree&quot;. On the other hand, when a friend of mine asked Professor Dema during a lecture the same question, he said that it should print the tree regardless. [/quote]\n\nYour example is a case where "we don't care." In this handout, we didn't specify error output -- we left it to your discretion. We [i]did[/i] specify return codes. So, we expected your program to set a specific status code. We didn't care what it outputted.\n\n[quote]My problem is not so much that these statements conflict, although obviously that's not so good (but the professors are people, these things happen), my problem is that these are both perfectly valid interpretations of the issue, but when it is all set and done, if one student listens to prof Petersen and the other listens to prof Dema, only one would 'be correct' in the eyes of the automated marker.[/quote]\n\nWell, no. The automarker just checked return codes, which is what the handout specified.\n\n[quote]Again, I'm sorry that this is basically just me ranting, but I thought that this feedback would help bring this issue to your attention. I really don't want this to sound like me saying  "you guys need to get your s*** together", but at the same time... well...[/quote]\n\nGiven how much effort was spent supporting this assignment, that's insulting. Your argument would have been stronger if you had left it out. With it included, it does sound like a bit of a rant.  \n\n[quote]Thanks for reading if you've made it this far lol[/quote]\n\nThank you for writing it out. However, frankly, at the moment, I don't see evidence for what you're arguing. I feel like the difficulties with this assignment were primarily centered on (a) debugging, (b) cmdline, and (c ) learning how to handle erroneous input. The handout contained a lot of info -- I agree with you that it's difficult to read -- but I'm not sure how much more we could have specified. I'd be happy to talk further, though, if you have other things you'd like to say or to point out.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
