---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Fri, 23 Feb 2018 16:17:56 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]If possible what are your opinion on CS POSt not only at UTM but also UTSG? Last semester in CSC236, Dan Zingaro gave us his opinion on it stating how he felt it was unfair and has an absurd requirement. It is very interesting to hear Professor's opinion on this.[/quote]\n\nUTM and StG have two different philosophies about the students they want to prioritize. Both approaches have weaknesses, in my opinion. \n\nStG is looking for a demonstration of your abilities in the most applicable courses (CSC148 and CSC165/MAT102); in effect, they're asking if you're going to pass the later CSC courses. The danger with this is that, in my opinion, it dissuades people without backgrounds in CS and math. Because they get plenty of candidates with prior experience, the required marks in those courses are high, and there isn't time, in my opinion, to make up for weaknesses from high school.  \n\nUTM is looking for general strength (CGPA). We're looking for people who are academically solid. The danger with this approach is that someone can actively game the system to artificially raise their CGPA. \n\nThe flaws of both systems have been exacerbated by the very high demand for the program. Raising the CGPA requirement encourages people to game the system -- to take time off of CS to raise their GPAs -- which doesn't help them graduate or improve their performance in later years. It also encourages students to take easier math courses that are, in my opinion, less relevant to the program. On the other hand, StG has raised the course mark requirement about as far as it can go; there is less and less "time to learn" in the key courses.\n\nWould I say it's "unfair?" No, but I just pedantically object to many uses of that word. (We use the phrase "not fair" about events that are demonstrably fair from at least one perspective but that simply don't have the result we want. In this case, we're enforcing well-publicized rules consistently -- we're being "fair" -- but no one likes the process or the result.) The only unfairness I see is that we are applying the same rules to everyone, regardless of how much progress they have made or potential they demonstrate, and designing an admission policy that attempts to fix that would lead to cases where a student with a 2.0 is admitted when one with a 3.0 is not (and that would surely be called "unfair" by someone). \n\nI would say, though, that I don't like the current system, as I don't like the stress it puts on the students and the community. The first and second year courses now are very different than they were a few years ago; students are much more concerned about marks, for example, and the stress of performing to such a high standard has increased pressure on students to cheat and to act in other antisocial ways. I'm also concerned about long-term impacts these policies will have on the community; I expect to see even less diversity than we currently have, for example.\n\n[quote]Dan also stated that if he had to do his undergrad again with these requirements, there was a possibility he would not even make POSt. Do you think you would be able to get into POSt?[/quote]\n\nYes, but as I noted in response to another question about marks: I was an absurdly good student as an undergrad. (I finished with a 4.0.) I wasn't, however, a very good computer scientist or programmer as an undergrad; that didn't happen until later, after I stopped caring so much about marks and focused more on developing skills.\n\nThat is, yes, an argument for trying to keep the GPA requirements low. The higher they go, the more people focus on the stupid things -- trying to get every point and worrying about a half-point lost here or there -- and the less they focus on the things that matter -- asking questions, learning how to read with a purpose, getting an intuition for handling user input errors, getting ahead of memory errors using tools like valgrind, etc.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
