---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 03 Mar 2017 03:03:00 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

Apologies -- this one got buried earlier in the week, and I never answered it. \n\n[quote]I was going to visit you during your office hour to discuss some off-topic questions. But I was amazed by quality of answer you shared, so I decided to share some them here.[/quote]\nThat's kind of you. And also ironic, since I lost your feedback. \n\nI encourage you to come into office hours to ask these questions anyway; having a conversation, rather than a one-way data-dump, will be more informative. \n\n[quote]1. What do you (or CS department) expect CS students to do after they graduate?[/quote]\n\nI don't know that we "expect" any particular, specific path. Typically, we'll see a couple of students enter graduate school in computer science each year. (Often, they'll go to the U of T Ph.D. program, but we've also had students go to Ottawa, UBC, and U of T's professional masters program recently.)  Most students will go into industry, and they'll take a wide range of jobs: developer, tester, security analyst, support tech, financial analyst, etc. \n\nI think the path that is most surprising to me is finance. A relatively large fraction of the students I'm in touch with work at banks. Some are in security or dev teams, but others have gone into finance. Feel free to shoot me a LinkedIn request if you want to see what the alumni I know are doing.  \n\n[quote]2. Why do we have to study so much theoretical stuff(Eg. MAT102, CSC236, CSC263... CSC373...) I found other courses that are not meant to be theoretical(Eg. CSC343, CSC324) are still theory-heavy. Maybe UTM is not for me, but would these theoretical knowledge be useful in actual software workfield?[/quote]\n\nTake this answer with a huge grain of salt. Rosenbloom's answer will be very different from mine. But in my opinion ...\n\nWe're absolutely [i]not[/i] training you for the workforce. \n\nI mean, okay, we kind of are: we know most of you will be working in industry, and we know that many of you care about getting a job, so we'll motivate much of what we do with connections to industry. However, workforce training isn't, in my opinion, our primary goal: it's the carrot that we're using to get you interested. \n\nInstead, we want to get you thinking like a computer scientist. We want you to cultivate a certain set of perspectives and traits: a tendency to approach problems critically, to identify desired outcomes before beginning to design a solution, to get broad input (and feedback) from the people who will be impacted by the solution you're crafting, etc. \n\nThese traits aren't unique to computer scientists (or computer science), and they can be useful in a number of different situations. If you're anything like me, you'll apply these techniques to situations that have no connection to computer science. For example, I think I brought a unique perspective to the role of administrator of [i]a writing program[/i] (yes, really) because my impulse is to identify users (students and faculty), to identify desired outcomes, to evaluate the centre's operations based on those outcomes, and to use the evaluation data to optimize for the outcomes. \n\nThat was a work-based example, but I apply my training to other aspects of my life as well. And I hope that it makes me a more effective -- and productive -- member of society. And that, I think, is [i]my[/i] ultimate goal when teaching. I am not training you for a potential job in the workforce, and I think other faculty would agree with that position. My/our idealistic goal is to give you tools for contributing, in many different ways, to society. \n\n[quote]2. Why do we have to study so much theoretical stuff ...[/quote]\n\nI got a bit off-track. The theory is there because it builds a foundation. Partly, we're aiming to develop those perspectives and tendencies I talked about earlier -- and working through proofs, I think, makes you more methodical, more apt to identify edge cases, and generally more able to evaluate whether a strategy will apply to a particular problem. However, the content is also important. If you ever end up doing numerical analysis, graphics, or machine learning, linear algebra (MAT223) becomes important. If someone asks you whether a problem is solvable, CSC236 (and 363) become valuable. If someone tosses you a problem, CSC263 and CSC373 become important -- you might recognize that it's really just a graph problem, for example.\n\nI should also backtrack a bit and emphasize that we aren't unaware that you're going into the workforce. We're not unsympathetic. We do change the curriculum to better match what we think you'll end up doing. For example, we started teaching git instead of svn because git has become more common (but either way, we get to discuss version control and the idea that keeping copies of your work is important, which is what we really want to emphasize). However, because we don't know precisely what job(s) you'll end up taking, we don't know precisely what you'll need. Some of you will end up writing a lot of javascript in two years. Others will be writing in C#. Others won't be programming much at all but will be doing network architecture. We can't cover all of those technologies, so we try to get you ready to tackle whatever you run into.\n\nI had an alumni tell me once that when he got into the workforce, he got discouraged because he was less capable than his colleagues who had graduated from a technical college. They had worked specifically with Cisco and just flew through networking tasks that he didn't even know how to start. But five years later, he was managing them. He attributed that to the ability to pick up new ideas quickly, to communicate effectively, and to approach problems flexibly (rather than applying whatever tool was available).\n\n[quote]3. What was the biggest regret when you were undergrad? Is there anything we should do/try?[/quote]\n\nI didn't take every opportunity. I do regret that I coasted sometimes. Everyone needs downtime, and I don't regret taking bowling (yes, seriously) my last year. But if I could do it over again, I would take a few more upper year courses. I would take the intensive writing  and public speaking courses that I skipped out on. (I know you don't want to believe me there, but I can't emphasize enough how important communication is and how big a difference it can make.) I would take the extra stats courses. (I was a math-CS double major, but if I had to do it over again, I would be a stats-CS double major. I use stats almost every day.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
