---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 21 Apr 2017 09:54:48 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I didn't do very well by my standards in 209. How do I make sure I don't get rekt in CSC369 in the fall. Is there anything you reccomend I do over the summer?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThis should probably be a conversation, instead of anonymous feedback. My answer would vary a lot depending on what you found challenging this term.  \n\nI last taught operating systems three years ago, so things may have changed. The challenge, at that point, was that the programming assignments were far more difficult than anything the students had encountered previously. Part of the difficulty stems from the size and complexity of the code: we used assignments with significant starter code, and the students that term had never been asked to understand a large code base and to insert code into it.  Other difficulty was introduced by the issue of "being the OS": when you're writing a user level program, you can rely on the operating system to provide a layer of safeguards that will keep things from going too wrong. However, as an OS-level program, things can get bad quickly, and you have to be comfortable debugging by looking at values in memory (not printing, because ... printing may be broken).  \n\nSo, my general answer, without knowing you in particular, would be to practice writing code for large projects, and to try to get a bit more practice with C.</p>
