---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 24 Feb 2017 09:32:15 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Can you tell us the study techniques you used as an undergraduate?\nWhat did you do when you were stuck on assignments? What did you do to prepare and study for tests?[/quote]\n\nSure, but I don't have good answers: I usually didn't study [i]for[/i] tests. In most cases, I didn't find sitting down for a day or two before the tests to review material to be particularly helpful. Instead, I spent the bulk of my time and effort on the assignments and prep work. Then, a couple days before the test, I'd sit down with the syllabus and spend an hour constructing a story -- a narrative, or a map, if you prefer -- about the material. If I could see the connections between the material (what leads to what, what connects to what), then I usually found that I could pull up the relevant details, so I wouldn't bother to study. \n\nBut I did spend a lot of time on assignments and preparing for course. For me, the trick was to identify the essence of the assignment -- what made it difficult? interesting? -- and then collecting information about that topic until I felt "comfortable". (There's just a point when you step back and say, "I've got this. Doing more won't help much.") I'd review the readings provided by the instructor (although I usually didn't read cover to cover -- I just treated the readings like reference material), then work on the problem sets or, for writing courses, generate outlines and maps of related ideas. \n\nIf I encountered any problems while solving a problem set (or writing a program), then the primary task, for me, was finding ways to get insight into the problem. Looking back at it, that usually meant "generating tests." For a proof, I'd spend a lot of time [i]creating examples[/i] until I could see a pattern or relationship within or between examples. For a program, I'd spend time [i]creating example inputs and expected outputs[/i] (tests, except that sometimes the "outputs" were changes to internal variables) and then running the program through the debugger to make sure the variables in the program changed as I expected.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
