---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 21 Apr 2017 09:59:43 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Now that the course is pretty much over, I'll give my opinions and feedback which I think matters because uh, like, shut up okay, it matters. So overall, I feel like this course is pretty good. I'd say really fun but the frustration kinda evened that out to just good. I mean like, the assignments are so cool. Like seriously, I have never had assignments that have built on each other so well, making them all feel like they had a true purpose and not just a lazy way to evaluate student. The end result felt like I had invented the wheel and the fact that we started with a simple array hash to lead into a program copying files over the internet was amazing! But for me, the thing that was frustrating about the course was the way marks themselves were handled. I didn't do too bad marks wise but the way marks were initially given out and then the fact that you had to submit remarks to get the mark you probably should have gotten in the first place, that was kinda fru!\n strating. I'm not saying this to blame you per say, I don't think it's your fault (hell, I think you got caught in the middle of all this with the excessive remarks), I think it's more a result of the way the course is designed as a whole. And of course I realize it isn't feasible (or even smart) to redesign the course or something like that. I can just say that there is room for improvement, like with how evaluations are done. Because for several days I had a lot of unnecessary anxiety over my marks and over worries of failing the course (I almost did an LWD which, looking back now, would have been the stupidest thing ever as my mark is pretty good). I think there are small things you can try, to potentially lessen the panic that enveloped the second half of the course. Like for example, I think maybe remarks could be handled in a better way, perhaps students can come to office hours to discuss remarks in person, or they can schedule a meeting to discuss a remark? I think that would be better for both students worries and for you because you don't have to mundanely read email after email of remarks. I'm not sure, but I'm just pointing out what I consider a problem. Also, I have to say, for any professor that conducts this course in the future (you or whoever), find some way, I don't know what possible way, but some way to drill it into the heads of those 2nd year scrubs that the labs are so good and nice and important, because I realized this waaay too late into the semester. Overall, my thanks to you and Ritu for how you helped us learn, I feel much more like a hackerman after this course. [/quote]\n\nThanks for the note! And thanks for your note about the labs, in particular. I agree they're important, and I'll try to stress them more next year.\n\nI've done interviews to mark assignments previously (in smaller courses, like operating systems) and really liked how it went.  It would be interesting to think about how to scale that to a larger course like 209, and I'll take your advice and think about it for next year.\n\nThe constraining resource with handling marking (or re-marking) is time. If you try to get more time by splitting the work across multiple people, then you have to deal with consistency (and that's an even more challenging problem). The issue is that re-marks (or marking) done electronically is asynchronous; you can send the request when you want to, and we can mark or re-mark when we need to. We don't need to do the work in the office, more or less during business hours.  If we constrained the time that we mark (or re-mark) to business hours in some naive way, we'd still be doing A3 marking, so we'd have to do something clever (or split the work across the TAs in some way that keeps the marking consistent).
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
