---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Fri, 17 Feb 2017 22:35:46 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I feel like this assignment was too hard I tried my very best and so did my friends but we all failed to succeed i feel like you should have extended the due date for this assignment or we should be given partial marks [/quote]\n\nThanks for trying your best! We'll get marks out to you soon after reading week, so that you have feedback for the midterm. I'll have a better sense of how the class did after we finish marking.\n\n[quote]Assignment was really unfair and lab was also due on same day really hard to cram other courses since we also had multiple other midterms this week feel like you guys should have been more easy going on this assignment and give us more time since it is 10% of our overall grade.[/quote]\n\nNoted. I'll review the marks, once everything is marked. \n\nHowever, here's my take: this is, at its core, a 148 assignment. It's a tree walk, and you've done those before. What makes this a 209 assignment is (a) the difficulty of working with raw memory (pointers) and (b) the need to learn about the various library and system calls using man pages and the internet. The former can be quite challenging, but there's nothing particularly new here.\n\nRegarding the lab: the labs are on Tuesday. We make the deadline Friday, so everyone has a chance to work on it a bit afterwards, but it's really just an administrative deadline. Similarly, after reading week, you'll have a lab on Tuesday, the midterm on Friday, and a lab deadline after the midterm on Friday night.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
