---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 09 Apr 2018 10:57:29 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Why are there more Academic Offences in courses you teach than other CS courses? I've honestly never heard of as many AOs in CSC236 or csc263 but 108 and 209 are known for busting cheaters. Why don't you just put more weight on Tests and Exams (like the 56% weight on the final and 30% on tests that Dan apparently did in 148) to reduce the amount of "busting" you have to do. This will subsequently firstly, reduce the need to academically offend and secondly, make you (look) less angry all the time and increase the amount of time you spend on other things such as improving CS research at UTM (like srs, right now it is crap compared to STGeorge) and the amount of office hours you have. [/quote]\n\nThere's quite a bit to unpack in this post. Well, beyond the "you look angry" bit -- I think we've established that I have a resting angry face. I'm really [i]not[/i] that grumpy ... I think.\n\nFirst: A funny story. Prof. Zingaro reduced the weight on 148 assignments this year to try to reduce the amount of cheating, but he found it had the opposite effect. Apparently, people decided that since it was worth less, they would spend less time on it, and then they panicked and cheated [i]more[/i].  \n\nSecond: Anyway. I think I (and he) catch more cheaters simply because we look. There's also the issue that I've been teaching programming-heavy courses recently. We don't tend to find cheating in 236-263 because there isn't a history of looking (until recently, the submissions were not digitized and hence, were not easy to search), and we don't find them in 258 because the labs are relatively simple.\n\nThat being said: I'm seeing a troublesome trend. The amount of cheating we're finding has increased faster than the growth in the courses. For 209 ... I have [i]never[/i] caught so many people cheating in second year as this year. Before last year, I had never caught anyone cheating in second or third year. I suspect that's a combination of stress -- a myopic focus on marks -- and ... me. The issue is that once I find blatant cheating, I feel the need to investigate, and that creates momentum: the more you look, the more you find. \n\nThis trend worries me because it is a symptom of a problem in the community. The competition for POSt, relative lack of support on assignments, etc. are combining to create an environment where people feel their best choice is to game the system. Clamping down on cheating isn't the solution -- though it's something we have to do, too. Competition for the POSt is something you know we're working on, but it's difficult for us to control, so we're also working on providing more support, with an open lab / staffed teaching lab. However, we also need some help from you: the senior members of the community (i.e., you) have the ability to set the community norms. You can make cheating an unacceptable option simply by discouraging obvious cheating in the labs. \n\nThird: I take a handful of students on research projects this year. I need to run interviews for ROP in the next couple of weeks, but I'm also happy to work with 492/493 students. If you have an idea, please drop me a line.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
