---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 08 Jan 2018 14:41:30 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I really didn't understand a single thing in the introductory PCRS assignment I just completed. It felt like I was supposed to have some prior knowledge that I definitely did not have. And what's worse is that this was marked. This is a terrible way to start students off in a course; it just completely wrecked my confidence in this course going forward.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nYou probably right that we're assuming some knowledge that you don't yet have. We're expecting that you have at least been exposed to working in the linux labs in 108/148/207, so if you haven't done any command line work before, you'll need to do some extra work over the next couple weeks to get familiar with that environment.\n\nLearning to use bash is like learning to use any other tool. It'll take some time to get comfortable with it, and since it's text based, it might help to think of it as much as a programming language as an OS interface.\n\nIn any case, the labs this week and next might help, but you may need to put in some extra time to get up to speed. The best way to gain familiarity is to work in that system; look up what you need to do as you work. Things will get easier as more and more commands become familiar. If you're still stuck after lab (or with the skills required to complete lab, which are the ones that you'll need to submit assignments), then please come see me.</p>
