---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 09 Apr 2018 11:14:20 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]What is the departmental policy on students dating TAs (or profs???) of courses they are currently enrolled in? [/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nIt's a university-level (not a departmental) issue. [url=http://www.provost.utoronto.ca/policy/relations.htm]There is a conflict of interest policy[/url] for professors. The norms, at least in this department, are more strict. I would be appalled if a professor were dating an undergrad. It sometimes happens with grad students, though, and in those cases, the other faculty supervising the student should take care to keep the faculty member from exercising influence.\n\nGrad student-undergraduate relations are fairly common, and peer relationships between grads or undergrads are even more so. I expect there's a similar conflict of interest policy for TAs, but it's more relaxed, since the power differential is smaller. My attitude is that TAs should disclose conflicts of interest with the instructor and recuse themselves from marking the person they have a conflict with. Relationships between TAs and students are not banned, but the goal is to keep someone from having power over someone else.\n\n[quote]Also a suggestion, midterms, test, assignments and/or exams should not have the students names on them rather only the student number as many TAs are also students enrolled  and are peers of ours in other courses and sometimes they may know us personally (as friends before the course started) therefore causing biases in marking as well as the uncomfortable feeling that someone who is my peer knows my marks (I'm more secretive about my marks than about my social security number)....?????\n[/quote]\n\nI'm sorry you're uncomfortable with TAs knowing your name and mark, but they're employees, and your name (or some second piece of identifying info) has to be somewhere on the test. It's just a logistical issue. \n\nWe typically just fold the first page back, so that the name is not visible, then mark each page separately. The TAs won't know who you are until they start writing marks on the front (or unless they look, but they shouldn't look before they mark).</p>
