---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Mon, 03 Apr 2017 12:08:25 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Can you explain why late hand ins are not allowed?? i legit dont get why we cant hand it in late.. stg has the same format of syllabus almost with late penalties allowed, why do we have to suffer and fail a whole 10% assignment just like that. Find it completely unfair and unreasonable. [/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThere are two factors I considered before the term. One is selfish.\n\n1) So, selfishly: Late submissions (and in general, any "special case" like a deferred midterm) are logistically challenging. i.e., It takes significant time to track who has submitted what and to apply the policies.\n\nThere's also the issue of supporting students who are working past the deadline. [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=4649&pid=17874#pid17874]Another poster asked why we couldn't have A3 and A4 out at the same time[/url], and similar issues arise when allowing late submissions: you can't stop spending time on the discussion board, and that takes time away from other tasks.\n\nSo, it's a trade-off. In a large course, like CSC488 this term, I'll give students a few "grace day tokens," so they can manage their own deadlines and submit a few things late over the term. However, in a course the size of 209, I feel my time is better spent on things other than managing late submissions.\n\n2) More importantly: this course is challenging, and the deadlines are tight. If you fall behind on one assignment, then you're losing time on the next -- which uses the ideas from the previous assignment. This is a death-spiral, and I don't want to encourage it.  So, hard deadlines.</p>
