---
layout: post
title: "Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 26 Jan 2015 11:42:42 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]"Why is everything so time pressured? It doesn't make sense to have quizzes for 5 minutes. Even Dan gave us a whole week to do 1 question preliminary in CSC236. It doesn't make sense to have 3 questions ..."[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThere's definitely a difference between work done within class and work done outside of class. The key difference is: having a quiz in class means you must prepare for the breadth of material covered each week. If you have the question ahead of time, it's easy to just prepare for that one question.  \n\nThat being said: the goal isn't to have time pressure. Each of the last few quizzes have been 9-10 minutes (not 5). You can expect about that amount of time for the next few quizzes, as well, but if I see a large fraction of the class still working, I'll extend the time. I haven't seen evidence of time pressure on the last two quizzes that we've marked, however. \n\nThe fact that the last few quizzes have had 3 questions is a bit of an anomaly. I'll always try to have multiple components to mark, but that might mean having 1 question with 3 parts, 2 questions, or even 6 questions. I put questions on the quiz that hit important topics that I want us to discuss; I make sure that I can do the quiz in ~2 minutes total.\n\n[quote]there is no point in having 2 weeks of material on 1 quiz no matter how simple it the last question is. We already have enough to do for this course in terms of reading and especially labs.“[/quote]\n\nThe quizzes have two goals: first, to test you on material we have covered thoroughly, to provide fast feedback. Second, to make sure you are prepared for the next week. You should be covering about one week of content each week, with your time split between reviewing the previous week's material and checking your high-level understanding of the new material.  \n\n[i]How much time?[/i] I'm expecting roughly 2x your contact time outside of class. You get ~3 hours of contact time, as the university counts it. (Lecture counts as one. Labs always count as one, no matter what the length.) That means I'm pacing the content to be doable in 6 hours outside of class. (That makes a 5 class load a full time job -- 45 hours per week or so.)\n\n[b]Edit:[/b] title</p>
