---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Mon, 10 Apr 2017 03:06:36 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]My Feedback For This Course 
<!-- more -->
<p>\nWhile, I do dislike this course because of how rapidly it changed and how much time was being spent on the more easier stuff but barely on the hard stuff, I have to say that this was also a very enjoyable course and I appreciate all the effort that has been placed into providing us with the contents of the course.\n\nGood Things: \nThere are a lot of good things about this course such as the fact that we learn concepts and ideas that can be seen in our day to day activities. This really makes this course quite interesting. I find that if I can take an idea learned in class and be able to see where it is used outside of class it helps understand what we are learning and it also gives it a purpose. Another great thing about this class is the video. As an ADHD student I find that even if I go to all the classes its hard to keep focus on the content being taught and I can't really rewind back to the important things. With the video this kinda solves the problem. Furthermore, its great to see our assignment being built off one another. Sorta starting at a rough idea and slowly building up to the server copy program. While there was a big jump in difficulty, I think the fact that we can reuse old code and implement new concepts learned, make this very enjoyable and it helps understand course content. One thing that separated A4 from the other assignments was how the instructions were given. Coming from 207 we were in this scrum and git based form. We had user stories and sorta of a path to follow from the start of the assignment to the end. A4 kinda had that feel to it. Where we had different parts to the assignment and these were the instruction or steps we should follow to finish the assignment. It makes it a lot easier to understand and I think you should continue this more!\n\nDislikes: \nI find that this course feel sorta unorganized. Kinda like if there is a snowstorm and class was cancelled, but you were still expected to come to class. In other words, this course feels like it wants to be an online course but, at the same time it also wants to be a course where you come to class. I see that this is how the idea of Khan Academy was where you watch the video before you come to class, so the teacher can spend more time on teaching and examples with less confusion. This leads to my other dislike. While having videos are great, at times it feels that the professor in the video are either really tired, forced to make the video or skip out on explanations. Sometimes in the video, they jump from a very small idea and fill the entire screen up with just code and concepts learned throughout the semester all at once (function pointer videos). I find that if the professor is very passionate and excited when they teach an idea it makes a lot easier to follow along. You and Dan seem very passionate and excited when you teach, and it really helps not dull out what is being taught! Also, I think more examples in the video or in class would be nice. I understand that this course is meant to use C to teach concepts and ideas but, if there are more examples and practice sheets where we code from point A to point B, it would help us understand why we are doing what we do. While PCRS does provide practice, it misses out on a lot such as sockets and signals which I feel that I had to spend time on my own googling and learning. My schedule was sorta getting in the way of office hours so I couldn't really come to them. [/quote]\n\nThanks for sending this. We'll be making more videos this summer, so I'll file this note away to read before we plan the work we do.</p>
