---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 23 Feb 2015 17:59:24 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote=Anonymous]1c on the quiz was not really fair. All the prior questions 1a,1b explicitly asked us to refer to the circuit. 1c had no such thing, hence I decided to only use what was given to me in the question, even though I knew that the contamination was not the most correct answer to use in my formula. I made the assumption that propagation was equal to contamination since we were not given it otherwise or told to refer to the circuit. [/quote]\n\nI'll keep an eye on this when we mark the quizzes late this week. However, at first glance, I don't follow your argument. The subquestion is structured the previous two: it presents contextual data and then asks, "What is the maximum clock frequency [b]for this circuit[/b]?"\n\n[b]addendum:[/b] [quote=Anonymous]... I also had the same feeling when you took it up! I think what the OP was getting at was that you never told us to refer to the "combinational circuit". In particular, due to this, I only used the numbers provided in part c of the question since I assumed it was unrelated to the previous parts and to the figure itself. ...[/quote]\n\nOkay -- thanks. I think I get what you're saying -- but in that case, I think it's fair to mark it as a deduction. Computing a clock frequency requires a schematic. You need to know what circuit is being clocked; just knowing some attributes of a flip-flop doesn't tell you how those devices are being used.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
