---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Mon, 27 Feb 2017 07:15:36 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Do you ever track the time at which people work on PCRS? [/quote]\n\nYes-ish.  \n\nYes, in that we've looked at how people answer PCRS questions. For 209, the majority click on a video. A few minutes later (but usually in less time than the video runs), they start submitting answers. It takes, on average, 2 tries to get the average question correct. However, there are also students who enumerate through questions (answering them without watching the videos, usually with no break between sections), and they tend to take a larger number of tries. And there are students who rapidly answer every question correctly on the first try. (It's a miracle ...) There is, of course, a massive spike in the number of students who work on PCRS within the 24 hours (and, in particular, the two hours) before it is due.  \n\nHowever, it's difficult to track how much time people spend without getting pretty invasive. We can get a crude estimate by subtracting the time of the first submission from the time of the last submission. However, we also have to set a "session timeout" (30 seconds? 5 minutes? an hour?), so that students who work on a few questions and then step away (for a cell phone break, a class, or until the next day) don't inflate the time spent. We could get better data if we set trackers, as some sites do, but we don't do that -- and, in general, try to avoid invasive data collection. PCRS only tracks when you access an object and when (and what) you submit, and while instructors have access to course-wide analytics (how many people have completed this week's exercise? how many attempts, on average, did each question take?), they don't get individual student analytics at all. To get individual student data, you have to pull a grade report, or you have to dump the database and start pulling analytics out that aren't available through the PCRS UI. (And in case you're worried, the process for pulling the database dump is prescribed, and it includes a step to anonymize student records.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
