---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 05 Feb 2018 00:58:49 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Are their any differences between C and Objective C? also are there any differences between the various C languages since many of the help discussion pages online always say C/C++/C#/Swift etc.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nYes, there are definite differences. However, all of the languages you've listed are ones that I'd consider "C-like." (Well, except for Swift. Swift feels more like a wrapper around C and Objective C.)  They were designed in reaction to limitations of C and in an attempt to implement "objects" in a C-like way.\n\n[url=exploring-data.com/vis/programming-languages-influence-network/]Check out this really cool representation of the relationships between programming languages.[/url] C is a huge node, and if you click around a bit, you'll see that's also a fairly early node. It's influenced by  a relatively small set of languages, some of which are quite low-level and all of which are quit old, and it has influenced many of the languages that we think of as "modern." In some cases, it has influenced languages indirectly. For example, C influenced Java, which then influenced Python. That particular linkage might explain some of the differences that you're seeing and feeling: you're familiar with Python, Java, and C. Can you see what Python gives you, beyond Java? What did it discard? What does Java give you that C does not, and what did it exchange (lose)? \n\nYou'll also see that C influenced C++, C#, and Objective C. C++ and Objective C are particularly close to C, in that they are essentially (with small exclusions, in the case of C++) supersets of C. (C# is more like an updated version of Java, IMO.) What this means is that pure C code will run in Objective C (and, with some changes, in C++). In fact, C++ is transformed into C before compilation, and Objective C's runtime is pure C. They were both designed to try to make an object oriented language that could fulfill many of the roles taken on by C.  \n\nWhat's the difference between C++ and Objective C? It's a matter of philosophy. There are multiple ways to implement objects. Objective C was built around the idea of message-passing between objects at runtime (i.e., Smalltalk), so you could think of it as a runtime library on top of C. In contrast, C++ tries to handle as much of the object dispatch work at compile time.</p>
