---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 12 Feb 2018 00:26:52 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]This week's reading was really confusing. I could hardly follow the book. Please explain the material before doing examples in the upcoming lecture.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nMaybe? It depends on what you're asking for, and I suspect that I'm probably not going to do what you're hoping I'll do.  \n\nI suspect you're asking me to work through the material in the book in detail. I won't do that. I've asked the class to spend some time getting prepared, and assuming you have no knowledge of the material would waste the time of the students who spent extra time working through some challenging logic. (i.e., if you aren't prepared, I expect that you'll find that class will move too quickly.)\n\nI [i]am[/i] planning on doing some tracing of the logic behind prefix adders, as that material is particularly challenging but is a neat technique, and then after that, we'll do some device creation. Like every week, I'll ask for topics to cover at the beginning of class and am happy to shift the content in the class a bit to match the requests, but I'm not going to rehash all of the material in the text. \n\nIf you've found this week to be particularly challenging, I'm happy to provide a bit of extra support in lecture or to chat 1-1 or in a small group in office hours. However, I need you to do some prep work. Please work through the problems and bring in specific questions that we can address.</p>
