---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Mon, 06 Feb 2017 22:59:04 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Can we have an extension on the a2 assignment so that it is due on the following Monday instead of Friday? \n\nReasoning: \nWeekends are generally the time when students have the most free time to work on assignments. Losing that weekend means that some students (including me) will not have any consistent or large amount of time during the weekday to truly work on the assignment and develop the questions that we could ask on the discussion board, this week's lecture and during office hours. It is also important to note that this project is also much larger than the previous one (meaning: that loss of time is much more critical) and the students had no control over this situation.       \n[/quote]\n\nYour argument is well-reasoned, and I appreciate that you only have one weekend to work on this assignment. (I'm not sure what you mean by losing that weekend or, later, "that loss of time", though ... ?) However, the Friday it is due is immediately before reading week, and the following Monday is Family Day. I don't feel I can extend the deadline into reading week. Some students have made plans for the week -- alternative reading week service, travel home, etc., and I and  the sys admin staff will not be available to answer questions or resolve technical issues if they arise. As a result, I do not feel comfortable pushing the deadline into the break.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
