---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 12 Mar 2018 00:26:49 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Got a PEY interview coming up. Got any advice?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nDon't sweat the content. You've got this. You've been preparing since you arrived here. \n\nDon't forget the basic interview advice. Do some basic research before you get into the interview. (Know the company you're applying to. Know the position.) Dress to match the top end of the company's dress code. Have a couple of questions prepared, for when they ask you if you have questions, that get you info you need (it's a two-way interview, after all) and also demonstrate interest in the position. Make eye contact, and keep your posture open.  \n\nRemember that you're in an interview situation the instant you initiate contact with the company, and any little thing can count. When you send your cover letter, for example, proofread. (One of my now-colleagues told me that she cut down the applicant list for the job I'm in now by throwing out every application with a cover letter that wasn't, in her opinion, well written -- 80% of the applicants never got their second page looked at. Fair? Maybe not, but it's what she did.) On your way to and at the interview site, act professionally. (One place I worked polled the clerical staff and rejected any candidate who had given them trouble or treated them without respect. I also had a ... friend ... who was told he shouldn't bother interviewing because of the way he had treated another candidate in the waiting room.) Don't forget to send a follow-up a day after your visit.</p>
