---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 29 Jan 2018 22:24:31 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Is there a reason why you didn't add a 10% midterm? It could have bought down the exam weight to a 40%.[/quote]\n\nIt comes down to a decision about where to employ the TAs, and I had to make some hard choices to get something I wanted.\n\nSome background: In the past couple of years, I've started shifting TAs out of grading roles and into more contact time, in an attempt to deal with increasing enrollment in each lecture section. (Even a couple of years ago, this course had a cap of 90 or 100 students per section, and I can remember teaching it to sections of 30 ... though that was a while ago.) As enrollments increase, I end up being able to do less per student, so extra help has to be available somewhere.\n\nAs a result, I tried to put more people into the lab: In the past, I've put a single TA into each lab of ~30, and the TAs generally got run ragged. They spent all of their time checking work and didn't have time to ask questions about the work or to help debug Quartus issues.  So, this time, with lab enrollments at 40, I tried to put two TAs into every lab section. That doesn't quite work (there is one section that only has one TA assigned), but it's an improvement. Based on the feedback from the TAs I've spoken to, it's been a good change: they still feel stretched, but they feel like they do have some time to help and to answer questions.\n\nPutting a second TA into the lab is expensive: Adding a second TA to each lab cost 2 hours * 7 sections (out of 8) * 11 weeks (154 hours), or roughly three full TA positions. (We get one TA per lab, and each TA gets 54 hours of work per term.) To scrounge those hours up, I had to cut quite a few things: graded assignments, preparation time (by hiring some TAs for multiple positions, we could save their "prep" time in the second contract), and the midterm.\n\nAdding a midterm back would cost 1 hour of invigilation per 40 students (~6 hours) plus, cutting it a bit tight, 10 minutes of marking and mark entry per test (a total of 45 hours) -- or just about a third of the time we spent getting a second TA into each lab. If I cut all of the quiz marking, we'd get about half the required time -- but would need to cut down lab hours by about 20, and then the midterm would be worth 10% plus the value of the quizzes.\n\nJust for interest: Adding one assignment back would take about the same amount of time as a midterm, if we were to mark the whole assignment. We can spot check just a problem or two to reduce costs and get to 4 assignments at a cost of about 100 TA hours.  \n\nSo, it's a juggling act. In this case, I traded the midterm and a few other things for more TAs in the labs. \n\n[b]Edit:[/b] Is this kind of detail about how courses get planned at all interesting to you?
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
