---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Mon, 10 Apr 2017 03:04:27 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I do want to ask for some advice on what should I do in my situation. I did well in A1, A2, A3 (based on the test output), and the midterms. Let’s say that I completely messed up and didn’t finish A4. Do you think I can make a comeback if I study super hard for the exam?
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI don’t want to drop out of the course, because that’s throwing away all my efforts I put in this session, and I really don't want to have a LWD in my record. On the other hand, if I end up doing badly, which I hope is unlikely based on my work ethics, then it will be worse. I’m sorry that I’m kind of stressing out; it’s just that I never came to this point before in a CS course. It’s kind of like: my academic record is like a Lamborghini Veneno, and I suddenly discover a scratch on it, which represents an LWD or a bad mark -at that point, I wouldn’t sleep that night.\n\nI think I should be optimistic, and not throw in the towel. I will redo A4 for practice, and hopefully…if all goes well…the scratch won’t be noticeable.[/quote]\n\nThis is a very difficult question for me to answer anonymously. I'd like to be able to speak with you and to ask some questions to see what you're understanding and what you're having trouble with. I'd also like to know what you think of as a "bad mark" (given the Lambo analogy) and what mark you have currently. \n\nAll that aside: I'm confident that you can [i]pass[/i] the course if you did well on the first three assignments and labs. An "A" is probably still possible, as long as your midterm marks are good and you study the networks material.</p>
