---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 30 Mar 2015 09:08:20 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote=Anonymous]Have you made the exam yet? 258 has a low average i think. dont kill us on the exam please, the quizzes are already hard. Also, people are probably going to cr/ncr and not study and make the average even lower. Are you going to make the exam harder now?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nNo offense, but this kind of question annoys me. Reading it uncharitably, I see, "I care more about grades ('low average') than learning or anything else."  Another possible reading is, "I don't really trust you. Are you diabolical and mean?"\n\nSo:\n1) No, 258 this term doesn't have a course average that is out of line from previous offerings.\n\n2) My goal with the exam is to evaluate your understanding of the key concepts in the class -- the concepts that you'll see in later classes in the program and/or that can be applied to areas outside of hardware design. The difficulty of the exam isn't influenced by factors outside the class; it's influenced by my learning objectives for the course.\n\nAll that being said, I'm not particularly concerned by the course average. I'm more concerned about maintaining a standard of learning. I would be delighted if everyone rocked the final exam and the course average was a high B. I'd leave it there -- no modifications, no "curving". I'd be sad if no one studied for the exam and the class average became an F. Similarly, I'd leave it there. No modifications, no curving. My point is: you'll get what you earn. \n\nMore practically, the exam will look a lot like the quizzes and the midterm. I'm pulling all of the questions out of the exercises I've posted, the questions in the reading guide, and the labs.</p>
