---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Mon, 29 Jan 2018 21:55:19 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Like the question for csc209, how would a strike affect this course?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n[url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=7467&pid=25293#pid25293]Here's the 209 post, if you didn't see it.[/url]\n\n258 would be significantly impacted by a strike. The most obvious issue is, like 209, the lab meetings. However, the impact would be greater than in 209 because we run quizzes in the labs and have work due in each lab.\n\nOf the two issues, the lack of TAs for supporting and evaluating lab work is easier to handle. I'd continue posting the labs each week. Instead of asking you to demonstrate the labs to TAs, I'd ask you submit some part of your schematic (or assembly code) by the end of each week. Fortunately, there will be very few Quartus labs remaining by reading week. We'll be starting to look at assembly code, and that'll be easier to do (and to mark) without TA support.\n\nThe quizzes will be difficult to handle. As a class, we'd have to have a discussion to come to an agreement about how to handle them. One possibility would be for me to invigilate two or three large quiz sessions per week, probably during the evening. The primary drawback there is scheduling: it's unlikely that everyone will be able to make a quiz time, and evening quiz times will be an inconvenience for many people in the class. We could also consider writing the quizzes during lecture, though those rooms are quite cramped; I'm unsure that would work. Another option is to replace the remaining quizzes with a late midterm, though that will reduce preparation for class, which could be detrimental on the exam, or to simply drop the quizzes altogether, though that has the same drawback and also would make the final exam worth a significant amount.  So: there are lots of options, but all of them have drawbacks. Furthermore, quiz grading will be delayed -- almost certainly to the return of TAs -- so you could go into the final exam without much of a sense of what your mark is.  \n\nSo, TLDR: a TA strike would really hurt 258.</p>
