---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sat, 13 Jan 2018 00:10:44 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]In lecture you mentioned that your thesis or something was based on computer architecture, can you elaborate more on that?[/quote]\n\nI'm one of a vanishing breed of profs: those without a Ph.D. So I don't have a completed thesis. That's a long story that I'll tell you in person if you're interested in grad school and need to be dissuaded. \n\nI started out grad school in language-centric software engineering, looking for features in codebases that suggest that a section of code is "bug prone," but I switched over to applying language and compiler techniques to computer architecture within a year. My master's thesis was on languages for describing quantum computing. I did some work on algebras to describe state transformations in quantum systems.  \n\nAfter the master's degree, I stayed in the area of languages/compilers but moved to a slightly more traditional architecture. My advisor was Mark Oskin, and he started a project called [url=https://dl.acm.org.myaccess.library.utoronto.ca/citation.cfm?id=1233308]WaveScalar[/url]. WaveScalar was a dataflow architecture; you might think of it as a kind of computational fabric or "sea of gates" rather like an FPGA. My job was to compile programs to execute on the architecture, which involved hand-writing a significant amount of dataflow assembly, creating the backend for a C compiler targeting the architecture, and writing optimizations to improve performance for our particular type of system. I worked on that system for about 4 years before moving to U of T and starting up a research program in computing education.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
