---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sat, 12 Nov 2016 23:56:17 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

Both of these comments are in respect to A2.\n\n[quote]Reprogram the assignment checker such that if it spends more than a minute on an example then the example should fail. Infinite loop errors should be treated like any other error. It makes no sense to give the assignment a zero! and the assignments are very ambiguous in wording and the content is extremely difficult for first-year students.  i should have gotten above 92% if it werent for that infinite loop problem not doing the function would have given me a higher mark :{[/quote]\n\nUnfortunately, it's not that simple, since many of your functions should have called other functions. Beyond that, I don't think an infinite loop is equivalent to a failed test. I think it is far worse. An infinite loop leading to a timeout is an error equivalent to a syntax error in the file. It's a major error, because it makes the module unusable (or, at least, risky to use).\n\n[quote]For the people that got infinite loop in their test inputs. The max they can get is 80?[/quote]\n\nThe brief answer is: in almost all cases, yes, they *should* resubmit, and the max score on a resubmit is an 80.That being said, it might be possible for someone to score higher than 80, if they completed everything correctly except for the function with an infinite loop and if that function was not called by any other function.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
