---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sat, 03 Mar 2018 21:48:06 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Just want to know why there aren't many girls in CS, every other major besides Math and CS has many girls enrolled in them, it feels like the ratio of guys to girls here are like 10:1, is there anything that might change in the future?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nBluntly, there aren't many women in CS because the current environment is hostile to women. (Just scanning recent news, here's [url=https://www.theverge.com/2018/3/1/17066256/google-lawsuit-alleging-bro-culture-harassment]a recent Google lawsuit alleging discrimination[/url], [url=https://gizmodo.com/exclusive-heres-the-full-10-page-anti-diversity-screed-1797564320]this memo that a male Google engineer felt comfortable circulating to colleagues (though it led to him being fired)[/url], [url=https://www.fastcompany.com/4036426/at-facebook-women-coders-are-judged-by-a-harsher-standard-report]a finding that code submitted by women at Facebook was rejected more frequently than code written by men[/url], and [url=https://www.nytimes.com/2017/06/30/technology/women-entrepreneurs-speak-out-sexual-harassment.html]recent concerns about harassment (and lack of funding) for female tech entrepreneurs[/url].) It's also generally hostile to minorities, which in tech is basically anyone who isn't male and either white or asian. I suspect that if you think reflect about your own experiences, you'll remember instances where the environment was hostile. Maybe it was a lewd conversation in the lab? An aggressive or threatening confrontation? It could also have been more subtle -- simply not welcoming. Was someone not included because the group didn't think they fit or were interested in something (a gaming session? a pub night?), or perhaps a guidance counselor suggested that a male student try a math or CS course and a female student try biology? Or maybe we just all bought into the false stereotype of a male, antisocial programmer? \n\nI was privileged to not be aware of any of this until I had been in industry a while (my first two bosses were women) and returned to grad school. In my third year, a woman joined our research group, and my advisor pulled the entire group (except her) aside before a conference. He asked the group of us to watch out for our colleague [i]and to make sure she was never alone with certain faculty that he named[/i]. That was, if I remember correctly, the same conference where one presenter thought it would be fine to include full frontal male nudity on his first presentation slide, where my advisor congratulated us for out-drinking a rival research group, and where I was in an elevator with one of the faculty my advisor named when he made a crude comment about a colleague's underage daughter. What's worse? At the time, that felt pretty normal. We have made some progress.\n\nIt hasn't always been this way. (Elizabeth Patitsas, a recent Toronto grad, [url=https://dl.acm.org/citation.cfm?id=2591731]wrote a paper about the decline of participation by women in computing[/url]. It's worth a read.) Women used to be the majority of programmers, and in some parts of the world, they are much better represented than in the western world. However, in the west, the gender gap in computing has been a recognized problem for decades. The problem gained significant attention in [url=https://mitpress.mit.edu/books/unlocking-clubhouse]the early 2000's with the publication of Margolis and Fisher's [i]Unlocking the Clubhouse[/i][/url] and the creation of [url=https://www.ncwit.org/]NCWIT[/url], an organization devoted to investigating and ameliorating the gender gap in the community. Still, despite their effort over the past decade and a half, all we've done is to find more leaks in the pipeline. We used to think that women didn't choose to start CS; now we know that they are dissuaded at every point in their careers, including after graduation. (Women leave tech at a much higher rate than men.)\n\nIs it going to get better? Honestly, I'm pessimistic in the short term. Elizabeth's research (and others) has uncovered a cyclic pattern where participation by women declines whenever there's a burst of demand in CS. Furthermore, locally, at U of T, we haven't expended much energy to try to ameliorate the problem. ("Why not?" is a perfectly valid question. I don't have a good answer beyond, "I can't imagine taking on more work.") \n\nLonger term, I think things will get better. Industry is aware of the issue and are allocating fairly significant resources to combat the issue. Call me cynical, but they have a workforce problem -- not enough qualified programmers -- and so their interests (finding a larger pool of qualified applicants) align with increasing diversity in this case. Governments are also aware of the issue and allocating resources, and the recent "Me Too" movement and other efforts to empower women will have an impact. But it'll take time, and it'll take a lot of effort to break down stereotypes and to change the industry environment so that we stop valuing overwork (yes, I'm a culprit, too), cease idolizing solitary effort and the "lone genius", and develop work environments that don't reflect "bro culture."\n\nAnyway. That's a pretty massive dump of text, but it's important, and I appreciate the person who sparked it with their question. [i]It's important that you're aware.[/i] Please think about what is going on around you, and if you find yourself in a situation where you're participating, consider what else you might say or do.</p>
