---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sat, 18 Mar 2017 12:25:47 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC148
tags: [5502]
---

* content
{:toc}

Dan forwarded this one to me:
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n[quote]Is taking CSC236 in the summer an alternative to taking MAT102 in the summer if one is close to the required cut off in MAT102 but not over it? This would be taking CSC236 at St.George since it does not appear to be offered at UTM over the summer. Alternatively is a really high mark in CSC148 and CSC108 (high 90s) sufficient if one is close to, but not over the requirement. [/quote]\n\nIf you haven't already seen the [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=4040]post about the last round of POSt evaluations[/url], check it out. We'll use the same process this year, with CGPA cut-offs updated.\n\nSo, in brief: A mark in 148 won't make up for a mark in 102, so you have to take some additional math/theory courses. Yes, I usually recommend that students who do not have the minimum marks for the major in the first year enroll in the minor and continue on to the second year, instead of retaking courses. The second year courses are required for the minor, so you're not losing time and, if things go well, we'll evaluate them instead of the first year courses when you apply for admission to the major in the second year. \n\nHowever, you should also do some reflection. \n\nFirst, why did the required courses in the first year not go well? Was it something transient, like an illness, or is it something about your approach to school, or is it something else? Either way, what can you do to make sure that the second year courses go better? It's not, in my experience, enough to say, "I'll just try harder." If you can identify a few concrete steps to take (setting aside space and time for studying, changing how you study, joining a study group, etc.), then you can have a better chance of getting admitted to the program.\n\nSecond, and this is even harder, what's your backup plan if you are not admitted in the second year? If you're unable to get the minimum scores in both the first and second years, it's unlikely that you'll be admitted in the third year, so what's a second minor that you can pick up to graduate with a major, CS minor, and ... ?\n\nFeel free to drop by my office hours to chat more.</p>
