---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sat, 24 Dec 2016 12:19:26 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]After receiving marks for CSC108 and MAT102, many of us have noticed that our marks for MAT102 is not at par with the CS MAJOR requirement standards. Many have revealed that our marks and averages are below or around 50-60% as the requirements for MAT102 is a minimum of 60%. If you receive an A+,A or B in CSC108, MAT135/7 and CSC148 while the MAT102 mark is below or around 50-60, is there still no chances to get into CS MAJOR?\n\nAlso, in the past few years, specifically last school year, what has been the cut off, averages, percentages and/or statistics on getting into the CS MAJOR program?[/quote]\n\n[url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=4040]This thread about the last round of POSt applications[/url] might be interesting reading. In particular, it talks about what we'll evaluate if you apply to a CSC POSt as a second year student. My advice to students who don't meet the requirements for the major is usually to apply to the CSC minor, as that will allow you to continue your studies. If you do well in the second year CSC courses, then you can enter the major after your second year. \n\nThat being said, a low mark in a required course is a warning: something is not working well. That suggests that later courses will also be challenging, so please take the time to reflect on your experience. If there are things that kept you from doing well in MAT102 -- gaps in experience, bad study habits, financial stress, or anything else -- try to name it and come up with a plan so that it won't get in your way next time. If things do not go well in the second year CSC courses, then you will not be able to (easily) continue on into the major.\n\nI don't have statistics on the past few years at hand. We generally look only at CGPA (the cutoff at UTM last year was 2.6, but it will go up this year) and whether or not the students met the minimum requirements for the required courses. Hence, I don't know what averages in MAT102 or other courses have been for the past few years.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
