---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sat, 12 Nov 2016 23:46:09 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Thoughts on Assignment 2, feedback:
<!-- more -->
<p>\nAssignment 2, similar to assignment 1, did a good job at making one, as a student, think of a solution to the presented problem. I think the problems themselves, did not require an extensive background in the content of the problem, in this case, an understanding of DNA and biology. I thought that having two files as opposed to one file, was a nice change because it becomes a little bit easier to test and manage. However, this assignment was a bit harder than assignment 1, which is fine because its allows the student to continue building their skills in computer science as well as problem analysis. My only complaint about the assignment, is the lack of extra examples and explanation. I personally found that the clarification page on DNA, could of been more articulate regarding the topics. I also think that the DNA help page should have provided more than one example when explaining the core concept. Obviously, you shouldn't provide too many examples because then it takes away from our ability to inquire and think but there should be at least more than one example and they should be a bit unique. Perhaps 2 examples? Thank you for taking the time to read my response.  Best of luck to all[/quote]\n\nThanks for the feedback. I'll make a note about the DNA page for the next time this assignment (or a variant) is used.</p>
