---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sat, 24 Feb 2018 18:04:59 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Is giving an idea to someone considered as academic offense?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nIt depends. One of the tricky things about "academic integrity" is that it depends on what is expected of the students. Okay behaviour in CSC108  is certainly different from CSC263. That's why it's important to review the description of academic integrity that should be in the course info sheet.  \n\nFor CSC209, our academic integrity block suggests, with emphasis added:\n\n[quote=Infosheet]• [i]Never look at another student’s assignment solution.[/i] Never show another student your assignment solution. This applies to all drafts of a solution and to incomplete and even incorrect solutions.\n• Keep discussions with other students focused on concepts and examples. [i]Never discuss assignments before the due date[/i] with anyone but your instructor and your TAs.\n• Do not look for assignment solutions or partial solutions on the web. If you use the web as a reference and find utility code (general code that is not directly related to the task required by the assignment) that you want to use, please check with your instructor first, and then please [i]cite the source by placing a comment above the copied code[/i] that describes the code being copied and that provides a link to the original source.[/quote]\n\nSo, under those rules, yes, giving someone an idea [i]that helps them solve an assignment[/i] would be considered an academic offense. However, if it's just a high-level discussion, we wouldn't be able to detect it, and I think we all understand that you do discuss approaches and that it's helpful to do so. It only gets problematic when the discussion includes so much detail about code that I can see that you spoke to each other when I look at the artifact that is produced.</p>
