---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 11 Mar 2018 17:07:57 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I sometimes read the anonymous feedback forums and discussion boards for 209 and  other courses for laughs. Last semester 108 anonymous feedback was hilarious. This semester, 108 and 148 discussion boards remind me of the simpler times when u know...BTW I think there should be a general CS anonymous feedback forum which is answered by Petersen and the chair of the department bc many of the feeback in 209 forum would be better suited there. Who is the department chair btw? Does the department chair teach classes? Who are they??? What is their job??? [/quote]\n\nI will make sure there is a general "anonymous AMA" account next year, so you can ask questions about the POSt or about CS, can report general issues in your courses, etc. \n\nThe Chair, btw, is [url=https://www.utm.utoronto.ca/math-cs-stats/message-chair]Prof. Konstantin Khanin[/url]. (Please don't email him just for kicks.) He does teach, but his primary job is to make it possible for the other faculty in the department to do their own jobs.  ([b]Edit:[/b] The role of Department Chair, by the way, is a temporary one. Professor Khanin was a professor first and will continue to be after he serves his term as Chair. Someone else will have to step up to take the role for a 3-5 year term.)\n\nI think you'll find, as you get work experience, that a good manager is one who keeps other people and things out of your way, so you can do your work. That's the Chair's job. He handles random noise that comes down from the administration, advocates for us to get resources and supports initiatives that might improve the department, and handles complaints that come up from students and the staff.\n\n[b]Aside:[/b] This post was from 3/8. I'm about 3 days behind on anon feedback.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
