---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 01 Apr 2018 20:59:16 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Why do CS students have to pay deregulated fees? It doesn't seem (atleast from my opinion) that the resources we require (mcs servers and...?) validate paying an extra 6k. [/quote]\n\nThe department (and the campus) don't directly get any additional funding from your higher fees. It [i]does[/i] help us make an argument, occasionally, that we should have some service or resource funded, but it's not generally true that we get more money (for hardware, profs, extra TAs, etc.) because you pay higher fees.  \n\n[i]As I understand it[/i] (and I must warn you that I am not an expert), computer science fees are "deregulated" because the government chose to make them so. (The Ontario government deregulated fees for "professional" programs in 1998.) The argument is that CS -- like business, law, engineering, etc. --  is a high-demand degree that is likely to lead to a career, and as a result, you can afford to pay those fees. \n\nThat argument, in my opinion, has some serious flaws. It hinders access to those programs to lower income students (making it difficult for them to leave their income bracket), and it dissuades students from completing programs that have a direct practical application. (Whether that's good or not is debatable; I've already gotten on my soapbox to discuss what the role of the university is ...)  It's also dissonant with the government's recent push to make all higher education "experiential" and to better prepare graduates for career-readiness.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
