---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Feb 2018 23:01:23 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

I'm appreciative to whoever wrote the post below, since it clearly took a lot of thought and has given me a few things to think about. \n\nUnfortunately, though, OP: I'm going to disappoint you. You've called for changes this term, and while there are some activities I can think about changing up in the second half, you're not going to see wholesale changes this term. First, I firmly believe that preparation followed by active learning in class is superior to passive presentation of facts, and some of the changes you've requested feel like concessions to the reality that students are not preparing, rather than changes that will enhance learning for the students who are engaged in the course. Second, the course itself changes in the second half of the term, as we start talking about architecture rather than digital design, so some of the issues you raise may be reduced simply because of changes in content and structure.\n\n[quote]Just gonna echo some sentiment previously stated. The majority of our labs are spent just dealing with Quartus issues. Yes there is a value in using the tools in the field for familiarity, but the value has evaporated off and has become not only an annoyance, but a legitimate hindrance in our grades.\n\nFor example, in the lab, I finished my four bit circular register, the TA verified that the circuit was correct. Yet I was being penalized for not knowing about a tiny feature about Quartus, rather than on the content of the course and my knowledge of it. Clearly I have demonstrated my knowledge in creating the circuit and the TA agreed several times over, but the waveforms are what almost always gets me and my group. It has nothing to do with getting “better” at using the software either. At this point I think we can agree many of us are quite proficient users of Quartus + Qsim. However, one oddity such as making sure we put a design on the top level, knowing how to name a bus, importing all the blocks for every new project, there’s probably at least 1 seg fault in there somewhere; point being, small issues can and do have a big effect. I dedicate all that time towards a waveform that doesn’t look up to par, and as soon as the 2 hour mark hits, my time’s been wasted, the TA’s time has been wasted helping an unknown error, my peer’s time has been wasted because the TA was helping me out, and of little to no benefit too. Imo, the cost is greater than the learning experience.[/quote]\n\nThis echoes other feedback I've received, and I'll look into other systems before next year. You'll be using Quartus one more time this year.\n\n[quote]Here’s another issue, the readings. The readings just aren’t working.\nI know after reading that line, you’re probably going to want to double down on your current position, but try to keep an open mind reading forward.\n\nYou asked the lecture if anybody had done the reading and nobody raised their hand. If you know your students aren't doing the readings, why do you keep pushing it down our throats? We're halfway through the course and you have heard of the disdain but I haven't seen much more than a mere acknowledgement of our grievances. You said it yourself, you get way more complaints about the 258 book than you do props. Feel free to add me to that list.\nWhat is your primary goal with the readings? Maybe that you intend that we discuss challenging or interesting content in lecture? How are you maintaining the balance of rewarding “the students who spent extra time working through some challenging logic” and students who simply didn’t? The assumption that students understand enough of the content for you to continue in lecture as if we do is lacklustre at best and poor judgement at worst. Making that assumption screws over the students who didn’t do the reading, and it’s just downhill from there. You’ve said you don’t want to rehash the book, but that wasn’t the request, nor would that be wanted. I think that students would be much better served if we’re all on the same page in lecture and afterwards if the student wants to advance their knowledge let them do so. Currently the lectures don’t really do that.\n\nYou’ve put up office hours as a solution to bridge the gaps in information. However, I don't think I should have to go to office hours to discuss fundamental definitions and nor should anybody else. Fundamental definitions that should have been presented or briefly reviewed during lecture, as part of the 258 course.\nI once approached you and asked you a question about the material from the lecture. My question wasn’t answered since I had only done some of the reading as compared to all of it, and that wasn't up to your expectations. Whether I had done the reading is irrelevant, I as a student, had a misunderstanding in the material, and you as an educator should have dispelled that misunderstanding regardless of your personal teaching philosophy.\n\nLet me be clear, I am by no means against the idea of asking or requiring the class to do some prep work before lecture. Peer Instruction, in Dan’s words, “is simply one of the most effective ways to teach computer science” (https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=6270&amp;page=2&amp;highlight=Peer+Instruction). The idea of doing the readings before lecture to get our minds going is certainly a good supplement, but not a good substitute for material should be covered in class.[/quote]\n\nI keep pushing reading because I feel like it's not unreasonable to ask students to prepare. If I tell you, "You have to prepare to really get value out of lecture" and then provide you with a guide that tells you what definitions I'm looking for you to acquire before class (although you may think it is a scavenger hunt, [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~peters43/258/guides/week5.shtml]asking you to find the material[/url] [i]is[/i] fundamentally different and more valuable than telling you to memorize it), then I expect that preparation. If I start providing the results of that prep in class, it'll encourage people to do even less (and I wouldn't blame them). \n\nI think we fundamentally disagree about your responsibilities and mine. I think, though I'm being uncharitable, that you're telling me that it's my job to make sure that everyone learns in class. I believe it's my job to give you the resources and opportunity to learn and your job to take that opportunity.\n\n[quote]An anecdote of my own: Larry didn’t go over latency much when he taught 258, and the last time you taught it was a while back. As a result, none of the TAs I asked knew how to do a proper timing analysis nor could give me a conclusive answer to my questions. I even did the timing analysis reading (and even accidentally read about glitches and hazards too!), wrote about 5 pages of notes on an 8.5 x 11. I sought out help with timing analysis beforehand, and am frustrated with the mark I received, a fat zero. My peers didn’t do much better though. The lab had a quiz average of less than 20%. But how would I know where I went wrong? My TAs don’t even know where I went wrong.[/quote]\n\nWhile I enjoy working with undergraduate TAs, in particular in courses where the lab work is fairly static, you've hit on a major issue: they are not experts in the material, so they are not, in general, well prepared for situations that look like office hours. While you've dismissed the need to attend office hours above, I do think it's necessary in situations like this, where the TAs do not have the expertise.\n\n[quote]I came to class, I did the more than the required readings, I sought out for help and I still lucked out.\n\nI have a prediction: the final exam probably won't be fun for many students. If mastery based learning is the approach you’re going with, it’s definitely not happening with this course. We have no reason to review content nor delve deeply for the week's content, since it won't popup again until several weeks later in the final.[/quote] \n\nHere, you're speaking about motivation, and your post has made me realize that it's something I need to think more about. You seem to be asking for extrinsic motivation because intrinsic motivation -- the desire to learn the material for its own sake or because you enjoy it -- is not sufficient. I was hoping the weekly quizzes, along with the cumulative nature of the material, would provide that motivation, and it has filled that role in past offerings, but you're telling me it's not working this term. That's something I'll consider before next year.  \n\n[quote]One potential solution would be to chain the labs together, so that we’re forced to have knowledge of a previous week. I’m just going to go out on a limb and say, this is a bad idea. Chaining of any kind is a solid way to screw over students, when really the problem lies in the deliverance of material.\n\nIn my opinion, the time you put into “vetting” the reading guides would be much better placed into telling us what exactly we need to know to prepare for the lecture. Such things could be definitions, formulas, basic examples just to get our minds thinking about the material before lecture. The status quo now is that “the reading guides tell you what terms you should know”. Well yes but you want us to go on a scavenger hunt that many don’t want, deciphering through either the 258 textbook or Google to find those details. Again, why should I do that when I am taking a course that is suppose to be teaching me, not me teaching me. On top of that, I’m not really sure what you’re “vetting” anyway; all the material is from your previous offering: https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~peters43/258/guides/ .[/quote]\n\nHere's another big difference in perspectives. From my perspective, the job of the course isn't to [i]teach[/i] you. It's your job to learn, and it's my job to help you find the most effective ways to learn the material and skills I think are important. I do not believe this is a course where memorization is key. If that were the case, I'd give you definition lists. However, it is important that you have the definitions and have seen them in use, so we can extend the ideas to other examples and you can apply them in other situations.\n\n[quote]Should you choose to continue the status quo, please, please at least briefly review the key concepts from the readings in lecture or as you’re doing an example, quickly rehash the definition so we’re all on the same page. \n\nI’m trying to give you alternative solutions to what there is right now rather than just doing a rant about the course. Anonymous feedback is here so that we can all improve the course together. Here’s the problem though, I don’t want a nudge for 2019’s 258 class, I want some change for our class, the one you’re teaching right now. Please take this into consideration for the coming weeks.\n\nps. and if you think this is long, wait till course evals.[/quote]\n\nAbsolutely. Thanks, again, for sharing your thoughts. I hope you keep doing so -- here or on course evals.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
