---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 05 Mar 2017 21:19:16 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I don't really like that stuff like dirent and lstat were on the midterm because we didn't cover it in class, tutorials or on PCRS. We only used for a few lines of code in our assignment. It didn't really feel like a big focus for course.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI thought it would be a familiar way to evaluate pointers. For that particular question, I wanted to see whether you created a struct variable and passed in the address (rather than creating a struct pointer and passing it in, which is a common error). I also wanted to see if you were comfortable with file paths (the first argument to [i]lstat[/i]).\n\n[quote]Also why was the midterm only out of 15? There wasn't any room for error although to be fair I don't know what the marking scheme is.[/quote]\n\nI tend to mark assignments and tests out of less points, rather than more, because I try to avoid having any item that TAs check be worth more than one point. Early in the test, I'll create a question that is being marked as a single item (the mark can be either 0 or 1), and then I'll scale the other questions to match. If a question takes a similar amount of time but has two items in it, the question will be worth 1 point but the two components will be marked as two half-points. If I think a question will take twice as much time, it'll be worth 2 points -- but that means it should have at least 2 components being marked in it.\n\n[quote]There didn't seem to be a lot of pointer and memory questions as advertised.[/quote]\nIt's 4-5 points on the marking scheme, depending on how you want to categorize the recursion question.</p>
