---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Mar 2018 17:35:03 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Do your ever just laugh at how stupid you think students are thinking that what they are studying in 1st and 2nd year is hard (compared to what you studied in grad school)?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nWell, no. Something is difficult because it's a stretch from your current ability. That is: difficulty is relative. If you find something difficult, that's how you feel; it's genuine. Laughing at that feeling would be cruel.\n\n[quote]Do you ever get irritated when students make certain stupid errors because you thought the answers were really straight forward when making/marking the assignment/test?[/quote]\n\nWhere I get annoyed is when people (a) ask the same questions again and again or (b) simply state that they're confused without making an attempt to explain what they believe they understand. The former happens on the discussion board often; it seems like some people post without reading, and I find that irritating. The latter happens more often in office hours, and it's a result of not knowing how to ask for help. It's far easier for me to help you get over a problem if you explain what you think is going on. Then, I can identify points where your thinking diverges from mine. If you just say, "I'm lost," then I don't have anywhere to start. You could be stuck on anything at all, and that's frustrating to work with when it happens a few times in an hour.\n\n[quote]Why is it that a test looks way more easier after a person is finished taking?[/quote]\n\nOr when you are looking at past tests that you didn't actually have to take? Partly, it's because you learn as you take a test, and partly it's because you're not looking at them under stress, I think.  \n\n[quote]Do you ever feel like a plastic bag drifting through the wind, hoping to start again?[/quote]\n\nWhen I was younger, I had thoughts about what I would do differently. Now that I'm older ... I've got things to lose or, if you want to stick with the wind metaphor, I have anchors to the current time and place. Starting over is not a viable option.</p>
