---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 26 Mar 2017 17:54:02 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

Two linked posts ...\n\n[quote]Successfully completing an assignment or lab in 209 produces the relief you feel after successfully completing a divorce. Happy its over, but wish you married that other class.\n\nThis course will turn lovers to haters and friends to enemies. I'm not being poetic, I literally hate people I was formerly friends with. \n\nThat being said, raging through these Assignments and Labs has given me a delightful comfort with misery. Frowns come more naturally and it physically pains me to smile. I have also rekindled my formerly estranged relationship with tobacco. Thanks 209 for bringing us back together. Couldn't have done it without you.\n\nAnd what exactly is the hold up with releasing grades? I don't really care but, I feel that's the only valid criticism I can latch onto as an conduit to vent. So lets focus on that.\n\nOn a positive note I only began typing this as I waited for you to respond on Minimal... and before I could type "Stop reading anonymous feedback and respond to my discussion board question" I see you have already responded. Awesome, Thanks. \n\nSigned,\n      I hate C[/quote]\n\n[quote]Hi, I sent some anonymous feedback this morning that I probably shouldn't have submitted. \n\nAnyway, if you look at this course in terms of what I know relative to what I knew in January, then WoW! I learned a lot. I'm not saying the journey wasn't treacherous.\n\nBut I remember reading A1 and thinking what on earth is rsync? But now every time my google drive icon syncs in that tray in the bottom right corner, I think, I can do that! No...? Almost..? Maybe..? Whatever! The point is, I learned a lot.\n\nThat being said, more relevant labs early on in the course could improve the course. By the end, the labs became like mini-assignments. It took a while to acclimatize to that reality. \n\nAnyway, I expressed some frustration this morning, Here's a dose of appreciation.\n\nSigned,\n     Still hate C[/quote]\n\nThanks for both messages. I appreciate the criticism as well as the props.\n\nA number of you are probably feeling very "stretched" (lots of deadlines ...) and frustrated right now. If I can help, let me know. Good luck with your deadlines!
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
