---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 30 Oct 2016 16:24:51 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I just got the midterm mark and throughout my years at UTM, I have never gotten as low of a mark as this midterm. At this point, I am so frustrated. I have done everything that is required to be successful in this course. I have gone to extra help(to the point that the TA and you know me by name), I have completed my work to prepare myself. I do not know what to do and am feeling hopeless. I feel that at this point,the material that I thought that I knew is incorrect. What should I do? Is there anyway of increasing my mark before the final? Is it possible to have an extra assignment(other that the 2 that are already assigned for us to do) or extra test to increase my mark? Is there a way of not making the final worth 40%? If I did bad this midterm and it is worth 20%, I will definitely fail miserably in the final. What should I do?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThank you for the very heart-felt feedback. I think, if you're comfortable doing so, that a face-to-face conversation will help more than advice provided anonymously. The correct advice depends on your situation. For example:\n\n- How did you lose marks on the midterm? (Were the types of questions or amount of detail we asked for unfamiliar? That's fixable. Did you have trouble predicting what the result of code would be? That's potentially not fixable in the next few weeks.)  \n\n- You've been reaching out for extra help, which is good, but what are you doing when you're studying on your own? Are you re-watching videos? (That may not be effective.) Are you reading code, making judgements about what you expect to occur, and then testing those judgements? (That mirrors what we are asking you to do on the test -- and when you write code -- more closely.)\n\n- When you're doing the PCRS exercises, do you understand [i]why[/i] an answer is correct? If you're just happy to have found the correct answer, then that's not enough. We need to spend some time understanding how the machine works underneath, so we can predict what it will do for any given input.  \n\nIn short, it would be useful to talk, because as you noted, the final exam is really what sets your mark in this course. We need to make sure that you're spending your study time efficiently, on the kinds of things that will help you prepare for that exam.</p>
