---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Mar 2018 17:23:17 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Is there a particular reason that you use the discussion board instead of Piazza? I personally prefer Piazza; asking questions is simpler, searching for questions is easier, the layout is better, etc. I know some UTM students have used the UTSG CSC209 Piazza to ask their questions, so I think other people may feel the same way. Just a suggestion for the course in the future, maybe. [/quote]\n\nI agree that Piazza is a better board.  However, I'm just not comfortable requiring its use.  \n\nPartly, [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=4649&pid=14199#pid14199]it's personal preference[/url]. While Piazza has gotten better in reaction to criticism from privacy advocates and threats of legal action ([url=https://piazza.com/legal/ferpa]they have made their careers service opt-in, when it used to be opt-out, for example[/url]), they still collect student information, and I don't want to require the use of a third-party service that collects your info.\n\nIt's also partly [i]not[/i] my choice. [url=http://teaching.utoronto.ca/ed-tech/teaching-technology/piazza/]The university also requires that any use of Piazza be voluntary.[/url] I have to be able to offer you an equivalent alternative should you choose not to use it. I don't think that's possible, so I don't use Piazza. (No, I haven't heard of the university cracking down on instructors who use Piazza, but I think the university's position is sound, so I stick with it.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
