---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Mar 2018 17:41:46 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Can you make a bonus week 11 lab like an exam prep or something?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nSorry, no. The last lab is about exception handling. Speaking of which ...\n\n[quote]System Calls seems a little hand wavy compared to the level of detail we went into thing up untill this point. Will we be going into detail about that in this course or is there another course that actually describes what the OS is doing when it receives syscalls on the hardware level, or what assembley/machine code is actually executed when the syscalls are made? Also, the same case with the assembler? Do we ever look at code behind the assembler or learn how to build one(I assume this is pretty hefty as you would need to process text writing in machine code)? Thanks in advance![/quote]\n\nYou'll be dealing with the exception handler in the last lab, and that's the mechanism that allows us to invoke system calls. If you'd like to talk about it in class, please raise the question in class Monday/Tuesday. We'll be spending a few minutes at the beginning of class looking at the func/nofunc examples, and that's a good time to also talk about syscalls. After that, we move back into hardware to discuss pipelining (and parallelism).\n\nThat being said: CSC369, operating systems, is probably the course you're looking for. We look at exception calls as a mechanism, because we are looking at the interface between hardware and software. The OS course assumes that you know about exceptions and then examines how the operating system actually receives info about a requested system call and then handles it.  \n\nBuilding an assembler is a pretty straightforward translation process. (Every assembly instruction can be translated to a machine instruction mechanically.) The trick is in creating a [i]symbol table[/i] that allows the linker, later, to resolve symbols and update the appropriate instructions. That's a possible topic in CSC488, compilers.</p>
