---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 02 Apr 2017 14:32:01 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Just my two cents on the course and my experience of it.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nIt is just absolutely, insanely difficult of a course, to an introductory to systems control as well. While it would make sense that we would need to know of everything in the course over time, there is just too little time in the semester to learn and master everything that this course is asking for. Especially with other computer science courses and other courses asking for the same amount of devotion. \n\nThere is too many things! Too many man pages to learn how to use and what it does, too many things that the assignment is asking for, and too many things that the test cases can go wrong with (especially if you are looking for an extremely specific output). \n\nGranted, we are University students, and this is all to be expected but way too many things that could go wrong, went wrong. Midterm tests were at the same date as other important tests, doing assignments in general, having marks back late, or simply having a bad day can affect everything else like a stack of dominos. A1 was not bad, A2 was a huge leap, A3 had a lot of possibility of system problems such as infinite generation of folders or overwriting folders, and A4 is just a nightmare in general with how much of a difficulty spike sockets are in general.\n\nPersonally, however, I felt that the course could have possibly gone way better if we had less assignments to do (four assignments, with a3 and a4 both worth alot, back to back is just too much), but worth a lot more each. Another possibility is if we had the assignments as group assignments. This would lessen the load that a student would have to look up each about the man pages and would each lessen the workload of the assignment in general. It would make sense too, with a3 dealing with multiple sets of cases (file to file, file to directory, and directory to directory), and especially with a4 (one person doing mostly client, while the other the server, helping each other to make it work).\n\nOverall, I feel that this course is way too inclined toward those who have background information of C and the software. Those who did not have a prior information of C had a hard time understanding concepts or reading the man pages in general. (which is mandatory to understand the course!)\n[/quote]\n\nThanks for the feedback. I'll keep this to read before planning next year.  \n\nRegarding group assignments: downtown uses them in 209. It's partly a work-saving measure, since marking assignments takes a lot of TA time, but it's also an opportunity to have students practice their team work.\n\nUltimately, I decided not to use teams in 209 at UTM because of the common practice of "splitting the work." In a well functioning team, the work is split fairly evenly, everyone keeps up with what others are doing, and everyone ends up practicing the skills they need and learning the content. However, in some cases, work is spit unevenly, people do "what they're good at" instead of taking on work for practice, and there isn't time to learn the parts of the assignment that you didn't do. That would be (and at StG, has been) fairly disastrous in this course.</p>
