---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 28 Jan 2018 21:02:28 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Will a TA strike affect this course?[/quote]\n\nFirst, some notes:\n\n1. We do not yet know if a strike will occur. The university and the TA union have been negotiating, and the union could strike immediately after reading week, if negotiations do not succeed.\n\n2. In this response (and later ones), I will deliberately not state any opinions on the negotiations or the strike. \n\nWhy the latter? First, I'm a part of the "employer". Second, if there is a strike, it will be very difficult for everyone at the university, and I am sensitive, in particular, to the stress that our undergraduate TAs would face, as they will face pressure both to join a strike (from fellow TAs and society) and to cross the lines (from friends in the program). Please join me in [i]not[/i] placing additional stress on the individuals in our community who are being placed in this complex situation.  \n\nSecond, a response to your question:\n\nYes, CSC209 would be affected. \n\n1. Most obviously, it's likely that tutorials would stop meeting, so you would need to complete the labs using help from office hours and the discussion board.  \n\n2. Marking will be delayed, and I don't know how significant the delay will be. While we are automarking a significant amount of the work in this course, TAs are involved in the creation of tests, so even automarking will be delayed. Midterm and exam marking would obviously be affected if the strike were to occur in the times those assessments occur.  \n\nDuring the last strike, I relayed all non-confidential messaging I received about the strike to all of my students as soon as I received it, and I intend to do the same this year if a strike occurs. You'll see a thread in the announcements get created if this becomes necessary.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
