---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Feb 2018 14:40:34 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

First off: thanks for the message below. However, it echoes a number of the issues raised [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=7467&pid=26704#pid26704]in this post[/url], and I feel like my response is limited in the same way. That is: I don't agree with the premise and need more detail. I'll comment on that below.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n[quote]I have some serious concerns about the way the assignments and labs are structured in the course. \n\nFirst off, while doing the labs during our allocated lab time, classes are always packed and its often hard to reach for a TA to ask for help which often can take up 5-10 minutes of our time. The TA's seem to be understaffed 80% of the classes and it shows a lot when they're constantly running around trying to solve the many unexplainable mistakes that may happen in C.[/quote]\n\nI hear that. I wish I had more TA hours for labs. I've made some changes to get more TAs into labs, in both 209 and 258, but an open lab structure like 108 would be ideal. It's something Prof. Zingaro and I have spoken about.\n\n[quote]Next, the assignments are always worded very broadly and awkwardly for something that needs very defined and specific answers. We are always told how these tests are run by scripts and that all answers must be precise however the assignment pages, even after re reading many, many times make it very unclear what they want in many of the exceptions. At this point I see many of my classmates spend more time asking clarification questions and losing marks on technicalities that were otherwise undetectable. [/quote]\n\nThis is the part that I find difficult to agree with (and I certainly don't agree with "otherwise indetectable" -- people lost marks on stdout, tree structure, and status codes, and those are definitely not indetectable). \n\nI do agree that there is room left for exploration (on purpose). For example, we didn't provide the format of cmdline; we asked you to figure it out. However, could you give me specific examples of what else you consider to be vague? I tried to list what I saw in A2 in [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=7467&pid=26704#pid26704]this post[/url], and that didn't add up to enough for me to think there was a problem. \n\n[quote]I understand a lot of computer science is about googling and trying to find answers to our mini problems on our own but when the marking scheme relies on specifics its very hard to be confident in your work even after spending days on error checking.\n\nSorry if this comes off very harsh as I do find many aspects of the course interesting and well organized (particularly the language itself and the lecturing), however the points I've touched upon just makes lots of us feel constantly stressed about not having done enough and eventually giving up. \n\nThanks for reading this if you actually got down to the bottom.[/quote]\n\nThanks again for the post!\n\nLike the last post I received on this topic, though, I have to say that, respectfully, I don't see evidence of your perspective. You're asserting that the handout was vague, and I agree that people spent a lot of time asking questions on the board. However, it feels to me that there were a couple central discussion points (from the other post: cmdline in /proc, handling errors, and debugging memory) -- and those were the intended issues in the assignment.  \n\nSo, could you give me examples of things that you found vague, so that I can judge whether that was intentional or something I should be trying to fix?</p>
