---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 29 Jan 2017 11:47:18 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]For future assignments, it would be helpful if there was a post pinned to the discussion board that list frequently asked questions and answers, as well as updates to any part of the assignment that you think we should be aware of (for example treatment of new line as a character). Not only might this reduce repeated questions, it would also help make sure students don't miss something important because the question was lost in an endless amount of threads.[/quote]\n\nThank you. \n\nI like this suggestion, in terms of reducing clutter. \n\nHowever, I also dislike it, because it puts the onus on me to create a complete and correct FAQ, rather than placing the responsibility on the people in the class to filter through information and interpret it. This is related to why I generally dodge requests like, "Can you explain the assignment to me?" I'm happy to provide assistance when you run into problems, and I enjoy working with people who are doing the hard work of struggling with questions and building knowledge. However, I don't like packaging and repackaging tasks for people to digest. That work -- of reading, interpreting, and questioning -- is the process of learning, and it's not solely mine.  \n\nSo, to summarize: I am concerned that (a) some people will assume the FAQ is complete and correct if I curate it (while it may not be) and that (b) some people will read for specific answers, rather than learning from the many different questions that are being asked. So I'll think about this before the next assignment, but my initial inclination is to not personally curate a FAQ.\n\nThat being said, if you feel very strongly about this, I'd be happy if you were to implement it -- either individually or as a class. A jointly developed FAQ could be a very useful item, and it would reduce my concern about (a).\n\nAlso, a nitpick: I don't think that the treatment of '\\n' is an update to the assignment. It's a key idea: '\\n' is a character, and it's part of the input. It, like any other character -- whitespace or not -- is not special and should not be treated specially.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
