---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 02 Apr 2017 15:04:41 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]In my first year, I found myself struggling and dependent upon TAs and professors for even basic studying, and decided to ask minimal questions. It worked out well, I got very good at figuring things out for and by myself. Sometimes I had to learn the hard way, like the fact network byte order problems only apply to multi-byte values unlike c strings. I've only used the discussion boards for seeing what issues classmates have found, what exactly you expect from our submissions, and to hear general student-assignment banter.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n...And then I read through the anonymous feedback responses thread. You inspired me to ask questions again, and to return to an old habit of eavesdropping on professor office hours. I also copied the thread, the insights and perspectives you offer are as interesting as they are refreshing, and I'd like to revisit them. I'll also try to attend your lecture sections over others. The jab at Daniel in the Piazza-Minimal post is the most perfect joke I ever witnessed.\n\nBut anyways, feedback. For the reasons above, heavily advertise the anonymous feedback option at the course level, advertise the feedback responses thread at the same level, and make assignments due only a multiple of 7 days after they've been assigned. Preferably assign them Friday morning. I once had nearly all my lectures and tutorials in the first 2 days of the week, so assignments due on Wednesday, but assigned Thursday/Friday would hamstring me depending on how much work I had.[/quote]\n\nThat's really high praise. Thank you.  I'm glad this thread has been useful for you. I personally enjoy this mode of interaction, because I feel like I can address topics that are difficult to speak about with individual students.\n\nI'll keep your feedback about deadlines around for next term. I can't always get things out a full week (or two weeks) in advance (time constraints and prioritized work ...), but I agree that it's a good goal. I think, as long as you know that work is coming, that it's something you can either plan for or, if necessary, warn me about with enough time to change the deadline.</p>
