---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 11 Mar 2018 16:57:10 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Just a thought... If CS courses become too focused on practical applications, skills and employ-ability, doesn't that defeat the purpose of academia? like if someone wants to practical training, why come to Uni? Just go to college. Universities were made to expand a person's perspective on an intellectual subject, not train them for some sort of (no offence) dead-end skilled labor job (like software development), - no offence just trying to make a point - ... Barely anyone in CS I talk to is really interested in CS research and studies after their undergrad (as if most people are just looking for ROPs to look good on their resume). Would it help if courses introduced CS research earlier on in the degree and made it available to everybody as opposed to a selected few students who spend their time sucking up to profs (again, no offence, just trying to make a point...). Why not make research the center of more CS courses?[/quote]\n\nI feel like you're trying to bait me into a long post. :) It's a great question, and if you want to talk about it, I'd be happy to have a long chat during the exam period. This week and next are just too busy for a long post (exams are due, A3 tests and A4 need to be written or reviewed, hiring continues, etc.)  \n\nBriefly, though: there's little agreement as to what a university education [i]should be[/i], and our current views on the role of a university are fairly recent. [url=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Bologna]While western-style universities have existed for about a thousand years[/url] (excluding earlier institutions like this [url=https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/University_of_Al_Quaraouiyine]degree-granting madrasa[/url]), the idea of a [i]research university[/i] (where faculty conduct research throughout their career, rather than focusing on aligning religious ideas to new discoveries or conveying knowledge to the children of the elite) is only about 200 years old. [i]Mass education[/i] (as opposed to education of a privileged group) as a university mission is also very recent -- dating back perhaps only to the late 1800's. In the US, it was institutionalized after WWII with the GI bill, as an attempt to reintegrate large numbers of returning veterans into civilian life.\n\nSo: the role of the university is in flux. While universities, as an idea, are fairly old, the role they have filled has changed over time. While I'm not an expert in this area, I feel there are three rough divisions that characterize what people expect a university education should do:\n\n1) [i]Job training / credentialing[/i]: This perspective is generally rejected by academics, who don't want to think too much about immediate applicability, but most people would agree with the statement, "Getting a university degree makes you qualified for a better job." Furthermore, this attitude is currently popular with Ontario gov't. The gov't has recently required that all university students undergo an "experiential" learning experience during their degree, and "experiential" is defined as having characteristics of a workplace. \n\n(Okay. I said this wouldn't be long. But professors gotta profess.)\n\n2)  [i]Educating the citizenry[/i]: This was the original stated purpose of universities. There was a feeling that providing a general, higher level of education for the elite (those who would rule ...) would improve the quality of governance, and hence, the strength of a region and its people. (Hence, the liberal arts curriculum.) As the west shifted toward democratic forms of government, the definition of "elite" changed; it became important for everyone to have some level of education, and that has lead to movements to educate the entire population. (Aside: As a negative side-effect, in many parts of the world, compulsory schooling was an anti-immigration / pro- or anti-religious / anti-indigenous reaction that sought to homogenize the population. "Educate the citizenry" became "make everyone think 'the right' ('my') way.")\n\n3) [i]Preparation for advanced study[/i]: This is a relatively modern view that came to prominence with the growth of research universities. The idea is that people undertaking a degree are preparing for continuing, independent study -- or the creation of new knowledge.\n\nAgain -- I'm not an expert on the history of universities. You should do some studying on your own if this interests you, and you'll quickly reach the level of my expertise. But assuming you believe what I've said so far, then ... well, not even your profs really agree about how we should be teaching you. Some profs focus on broadening horizons (educating citizens) or creating future leaders. Others are very industry-focused. Others just want to do research with a few students. \n\nRegardless, introducing more research early in the university degree probably won't have the desired effect of broadening interest. It's not, as you said, of interest to many of your peers who support positions (1) or (2) or to the people (well, all of us, through the gov't) who fund their studies, and forcing it would inevitably require that we shrink the size of the university significantly (and that would limit the research performed unless per capita funding increased significantly). Instead, we've chosen, in some ways, to have a university within the university. A small set of students are here for reason (3), and we do our best to provide opportunities for them. As academics, we (your profs) try to make everyone [i]aware[/i] of research and try to get everyone conducting pre-research activities throughout the program, but that's just not a uniformly desired outcome.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
