---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 11 Mar 2018 16:06:33 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Sorry if this is not related to the course, but I would love to know your opinion on these:\n\n-Can give us an insight on the usefulness of CSC324 in real world? I have little idea about functional programming and it would be interesting to know more about it's applications, etc...\n\n-Also, from your personal experience, do PEY employers care much about csc347 and csc427? I hear getting legit security positions requires lots of experience in the industry, so anyone who seeks after a good security job should spend a couple of years doing some more basic front end development. [/quote]\n\nThe goal of CSC324 should be to compare approaches. It's not a "learn 4 languages course" -- or shouldn't be. It's a "learn enough about this paradigm to compare it to the imperative paradigm you're used to." Getting exposed to functional or declarative ideas can help you become a better programmer (since many languages include features inspired by multiple paradigms). It's also a necessary (in my opinion) step to prepare for learning about compilers; you need to know that there are multiple programming models and have a sense of the trade-offs you make when you adopt one before you can start implementing a model. So ... it's probably less practically relevant than it appears when you look at the title.\n\nI can't answer your question about CSC347 and CSC427. You might drop by Prof. Rosenbloom's office to see if has a sense of what employers are looking for, since he teaches the security courses and has built them in response to feedback from alumni in the industry. However, I do have an anecdote about a former student: he went into security at a telecom during PEY and ended up getting hired as a senior security analyst straight out of school [i]because of a dearth of qualified candidates[/i]. This was about a decade ago, so the situation has surely improved, but it's still an area where expertise is scarce.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
