---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Feb 2018 01:05:06 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

I seem to have started something by posting a warning about academic integrity. I got two similar posts, so I'm going to answer them at the same time.\n\n[quote]In regards to the academic integrity post, I believe there would be a lot of similar code in terms of how starter code was given. First off, using lstat or getopt for main functions would cause a lot of similarity. As well as how the tree is suppose to be printed there would be only a few possible ways because it has to be printed in a certain order. What i am trying to ask is, how are you assessing code, in terms of how it was copied or not copied but looks and does similar actions. A lot of people have been taking about how their code could be similar but they had no direct help from anyone. I would highly recommend you sending out emails to those you think committed an academic integrity offence possibly during reading week because a lot of people seem to be on edge. [/quote]\n\n[quote]There's only so many ways to implement and complete the lab solutions. In some cases even, the variables might be the same. For instance, indexing variables could very easily be the same and the "m" variable in read_pixel_array is the one the instructions tell us to declare and assign.\n\nHow could you possibly distinguish from an academic offense and two labs that just happen to be coincidentally the same? Especially the lab on week 2, you should know more than anybody else that shell scripting is rather precise.\n\nAlso, more often than not, the TA may show how they began the lab themselves, even tell us to use their starter code to get started, or advise a group of students how to solve a problem. All of this means several students could easily have similar code and a similar implementation. So should students not listen to their TA's advice so that we don't get an academic offence?\n\nThe labs are quite a collaborative space whether you agree or not.\n\nIf we get hit with an academic offense notice just by mere coincidence, how could we even argue against that? I could be hit with a notice, not know the other person, and have no defence at all. If this was an assignment, I'd understand that only really the starter code should be the same but hitting people for an academic offense on their lab is when you get into murky waters.\n\nIn almost every case, the student would not have a defence for themselves. This is pretty ridiculous.[/quote]\n\nSo, first off: it's clear you're both feeling threatened. I'm sorry for that, and if you didn't do anything wrong, I'm pretty certain you won't hear from me.\n\nSecond, you're both making the argument that there are only so many ways to write the code. Respectfully: that's not true. \n\nI mean, sure, if I were just looking at one program from the week 4 lab, there won't be a huge amount of variation. However, if I look at all of the code submitted across multiple labs, that's enough code for coincidences to disappear. For example, when I compare all of the lab code for each student in the course with every other student, I'll get [b]~300 ** 2 = 90000[/b] pairs. One tool I used reported that the 200th pair was "8% similar". For the assignment, that number was "6% similar" for the 200th pair.  The number of line matches another tool reported went:\n\n[code]1. 231\n2. 152\n3. 91\n4. 91\n5. 90\n6. 77\n... 20. 54\n... 100. 36[/code]\n\nYou make a staggering number of choices when you code. Do you declare variable A before B? While loop or for loop? Helper function or not? Pointer or array? Coincidence becomes astronomically unlikely with even a moderate amount of code, even when a team is using a shared style guide (and trust me, the style in this class isn't consistent).\n\nIs there still a chance that a pair of twins are on the same wavelength and wrote the same code? Sure. (Aside: I had some actual twins claim that recently. They weren't telling the truth.) That's why I use multiple tools to identify potential similarities, and then I manually review the code to make sure I'm confident that there's enough evidence to at least investigate. Before writing a final report, I meet with the students involved and ask them for possible explanations (a post on stackoverflow, instructions from a TA, ...). Afterwards, unless I am confident that I can convince a non-technical faculty member from the Religious Studies department (or someone equally inexperienced with code) that what they're seeing isn't a coincidence, I recommend that the case be dropped. That lets a bunch of cases through where I'm 90% sure that something has happened, but if I can't prove it, it gets dropped.\n\nAnd that brings me to a third point: prosecuting a single case takes an insane amount of time. (I've spent around 8 hours reviewing code so far this weekend, and we haven't gotten to interviews yet.) That's part of why I hate it so much. The other reason I hate it is because I have to make some people very unhappy, and usually, one of those people thought they were doing their friend a favor. However, if a student is trying to skate their way through class, they're stealing from everyone else, and I can't have that. If someone manages to cheat their way to a good grade, they could get into POSt ... and then someone else next year won't, because we'll have one less space. If they cheat their way to a degree, then they'll get a job, and they'll contribute to the perception of U of T degree holders. Your degree is worth less whenever someone leaves who can't actually do what they need to do.  \n\nSo: please bear with me. If you are falsely accused, just attend your interview, tell me how you got your code, and we'll probably find a good reason for it. (We could also find out that your roommate stole your printouts from a trash can and sold them. True story.) And if you cheated, do me a favor and just admit it; it'll save us both some time.  \n\nThe first post also recommends that messages go out soon. They should. I've sent the list of people I am planning to interview to the department. Once holds are placed, those people will get an email from someone in the department office to set up an appointment time with me after reading week.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
