---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Mar 2018 17:15:03 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Was your undergrad easier/harder compared to UTM in terms of the university difficulty and also CS/Math difficulty (i.e less help available, etc. )[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nTechnology has changed the amount of access people have to instructors.  \n\nWhen I first attended university, email wasn't ... new, but it wasn't commonly used. The world wide web was also fairly new (about 4 years old ...), so search engines weren't very advanced at the time, and course webpages weren't commonplace outside of CS. Some CS courses didn't have them.  \n\nSo, compared to today, while there was help available, it was much less immediate and comprehensive. We had office hours and lab. Some instructors provided their email addresses for urgent queries, but most didn't. Answers weren't available on the web, generally, because (a) if they were online, they were hard to find and (b) people didn't really go to the effort of posting them. As a result, you couldn't expect immediate answers to questions. \n\nBecause there were less examples available, programming assignments tended to be less detailed, and they were always marked by hand. They covered very similar topics, though.  (In the equivalent to CSC209, for example, I remember having to build a bash shell clone over two assignments to explore pipes, fork, and exec, and then we had to build a chat server for sockets and select. It's pretty similar to what we do today.)  In calc, we used Apostol's calculus textbook (and did problems from the textbook) ... and that text is still in use today at my old uni.</p>
