---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 02 Apr 2017 15:08:38 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]One thing I noticed at UTM CS is that lots of professor teach a certain type of course like Dan and Larry usually teach courses that are more towards the theory side and focus on concepts and why things work the way they do. In other words, the science behind the code I guess you can say. While profs like Arnold, Tiffany, and Sadia, usually teach practical courses, more of how to program and how to approach a problem. In other words, design structures and facing different programming task. I was wondering where would you stand in this. Are you more into the theoretical side of CS such as courses taught by Dan and Larry or practical courses such as courses taught by Arnold, Tiffany, and Sadia.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI tend to teach more practical courses, but my interests actually lie on the more theoretical side.\n\nFor example, in this course (and in operating systems -- CSC369), a lot of the work that people end up doing is very practical: writing C, implementing OS features, etc. However, the point isn't as much the code as it is the underlying structures that writing the code might help you see.\n\nAlso, side note: I think it's neat that Prof. Rosenbloom is generally categorized as being "practical." His graduate work was in theory, and in my interactions with him, he tends to try to reduce things down to first principles.</p>
