---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Sun, 02 Apr 2017 14:46:44 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]When the deadline for A3 was extended, why was the release date for A4 pushed back, causing our time to work on it to be cut short? Why couldn't it have been released while we are doing A3? Also, some of us didn't even need the A3 extension; we were almost done the assignment. At this very moment, some of us are considering doing a late withdrawal because of the time pressure and the bugs galore. I don't know anyone who is completely done this assignment, without any bugs in it.[/quote]\n\nFirst, let me be skeptical: the chances that you would have worked on A4 in that first week are ... small.  I grant that you [i]might[/i] have started, but most students won't have. Beyond that, the week 11 lab, which introduced key material for A4, was out and should have been completed before starting the assignment, so pushing the A3 deadline back from Wednesday to Friday wasn't significant. \n\nTo answer your question, though: it's a function of my time. I have a fixed amount of time each week to spend on this course, so I have to prioritize what I do. When an assignment is coming due, one of the highest priorities is answering student questions on the discussion board and by email. That can take 10-12 hours in a week that an assignment is due for a course of this size. Since there are also fixed commitments that have to be completed (preparing and attending lecture, running office hours, reviewing, editing, and posting PCRS exercises and the lab, etc), in weeks when assignments are due, there is little time for anything else. There isn't, without lots of prior planning, time to finalize the prep on an assignment and post it.\n\nI understand that you're expressing frustration with how difficult the last assignment is and how stressful the last few weeks of the term are, and I sympathize. However, I don't think that pushing the A4 posting date two days later is the major source of that stress. (Well, technically, it was a week later, but since I was out of town the week prior, I don't think the original A3 deadline was feasible.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
