---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Mar 2018 17:46:42 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

Thank you, author below, for chiming in. I'm not going to answer in detail (except to note that quizzing on the past week's content simply isn't going to happen as it removes the incentive to prepare at all), because I think you're reinforcing points that have been raised and responded to before. However, I truly appreciate the in-depth post and have saved it (and a few other posts) to read when I start prepping the course again.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n[quote]I have been reading all the feedback that you have gotten. This post might sound similar but I just want to share my experience with this course.\n\nFirstly, the readings and exercises. Some of the readings are helpful and they do help us understand the concepts a bit better but in most parts, it seems to miss the "practical" part. It is great at describing the theory of the device but does not assist us when trying to understand how it all fits together as a machine. It also doesn't help when completing the exercises as I always felt that there weren't enough examples to go with the text. I'd love to see more examples in the future as I think it will be great for the quizzes.\n\nThat leads into the quizzes. I felt that the quizzes were fair but as I just said, there were some times where I stare at the question on the screen and have no idea on how to answer it. Either it wasn't in the exercises or appeared only once in both the readings and the lecture. Furthermore, I personally would like to see a midterm for this course because it is a way for us to gather all the knowledge we learnt in the first (5-7) weeks and truly try to make sense of everything. The quizzes are a great way to see if we are understanding the content, but they shouldn't be the major aspect of our term marks. You could make the quizzes maybe around 10-15% which runs every week, but as a student, you are less stressed about it being the deciding factor of your final mark. I felt that if you do poorly in 'x' number of quizzes, especially early on, you can definitely expect to see a mark below a 70 or a 65 when you write the exam. Also, with regarding the marking of the quizzes, I understand that they are only out of 3, but I felt that the TAs were marking extremely hard in some scenarios. There were times where I was missing a single word or phrase and got 0 on that question. So a better and more consistent marking scheme would be great.\n\nThe labs is another aspect where this course can improve on. I won't talk about the Quartus issues as this was talked about previously. The marking for the labs also had me concerned. There were times where I followed the lab handout and showed the TA everything that he needed to mark, but I still received a mark of 2/3. I don't know why they are marking very inconsistently, but this is where it can be improved. Furthermore, there were times where my circuit worked perfectly and the tests were all correct but because I didn't "demonstrate my understanding" to the TA, I didn't get full marks. I understand that this is important but that is the point of the quizzes. The labs are ways to show us how these concepts all work on a machine and we shouldn't be needing to give a 10-minute 'speech' on why this circuit works. I think more time was wasted in trying to inform the TA about the device rather than fixing Quartus issues.\n\nThe lectures are probably the best part of this course. The way you explain the topics is phenomenal. I really appreciate how you take the stuff we read about and try to tell us more about it and how it actually works in 'plain English' rather than using sophisticated words in the textbook. The samples are also great. More quiz like examples would be nice, but I think that was mentioned in a previous post.\n\nThe thing about this course is that if you do not understand a key idea that week, due to the course moves so quickly, that will lead you to fail a quiz, hardly understand the lab and it will influence your understanding on the next week as the content builds on the previous week. This might be the reason why students perform poorly on the assessments because they are trying to understand the previous week's content rather than trying to understand the current week. One way to fix this is providing us with more tools such as PCRS or having more examples in the textbook (as I mentioned above). The PCRS is usually something I look for in more practical style CS course. In 209, I learnt a lot more from watching the videos and completing the questions rather than understanding the lectures. Also, I think it was mentioned previously, that the quizzes should be based on the previous week's content. This will give us time to understand the content rather than trying to complete the readings, exercises, lecture and pre-lab a day after the lecture. (You can't properly do the exercises without going to lecture). This is why I said the idea of the midterm will allow us to understand the content rather than trying to memorize the information a day or two before the quiz/lab. As a student, I don't like having a 15% or 20% midterm but at least it will allow us to take time to properly understand the material.\n\nI hope these suggestions are ideal and if you can't implement them this semester, I hope you can have a look at them for next year.[/quote]</p>
