---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 15 Mar 2015 12:04:57 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote=Anonymous]What's the deal with undergraduate TAs at UTM? ... Just because they get a 4.0 in the class doesn't mean they are TA material. We're paying for top education, I shouldn't be taught by someone who has the same experience as me. ... I like how 258 TAs seem to be grad or PhDs 10/10 for you. They are actually helpful.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nFor full disclosure: we have three TAs for CSC258, and one is an undergraduate. \n\nYour point is well taken. I agree that there are times when placing undergraduates in TA positions isn't appropriate or effective, but I also think there are times when undergraduates are more effective than their graduate counterparts. tldr: If you have a TA who is not effective, let your instructor know. However, we owe it to all of our students to give them opportunities that challenge them.\n\nThe issue has a number of facets:\n1) [b]There are not enough graduate students who want to TA.[/b] In the past few years, undergraduate CS programs (including ours and downtown's) have grown very rapidly, and the graduate programs have not. That means there are not enough graduate students to cover all of the positions we advertise. Note: if a graduate student is qualified for a position, they are [i]always[/i] offered the position before a qualified undergrad.\n\n2) [b]Undergraduates have attributes graduates don't have.[/b] This argument is mainly relevant for 108/148. I personally prefer undergraduates to graduates in these courses, because the main role of the TAs are to be role models. They're demonstrating what it means to be successful in an undergrad computer science program.\n\n3) [b]We owe quality educational experiences to all of our students.[/b] Yes, that means the TAs should be qualified -- and if you have a TA who doesn't know the material or who isn't spending the time necessary to prepare appropriately, you need to tell someone. The instructor of a course is a good start. However, that also means that we need to offer challenges to students who are excelling. Being a TA is also an educational experience, and it is one that we offer to students who have distinguished themselves. Teaching the material puts it in a new perspective, and TAs often find that they learn the material in a much more deep way by TAing.\n\nBeyond this discussion about TAs, the phrase "we're paying for a top education" interests me. Not to put you on the spot (whoever you are), but it indicates a consumerist perspective on the issue, and in my opinion, while that's one valid perspective, it has some problems. First: you're paying, but you're not actually paying full value (yay taxes!), so you have (unvoiced) obligations to society and, in particular, your community. Second: that outlook has the potential to trivialize the educational experience as an exchange (money for education), rather than as an opportunity.</p>
