---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Sun, 18 Feb 2018 00:39:05 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]A lot of my errors are from returning 0 when I should have returned 1. How heavily is this weighted? I feel like it's just misunderstanding what to do in each respective error case. A lot of times I was told to "keep building the tree anyways" by TAs and discussion board answers. [/quote]\n\nAbsolutely -- you were expected to keep building the tree. However, you also need to report the error. The two aren't mutually exclusive: we want a best attempt, but we want to know that an error occurred.\n\n[quote]Also, what is the reasoning behind not giving us the test cases prior to handing it in? There's the argument that people would start coding it according to tests but I strongly believe that this is the kind of course where you need a really good understanding of what you're doing for anything to work. I didn't get anything working until the day after the first submission and I'm feeling kind of screwed over. Because even when I finally did manage to generate the same tree as the example provided and similar structures to the pstree -p command, I still lost marks due to these little things. I feel as if this is kind of unfair. [/quote]\n\nTwo reasons. The first one you've already listed: when I've posted tests beforehand in the past, people code to them and don't develop defensive coding skills. When you know you don't have to worry about an error occurring, you don't have to think about how to code it the right way. This is the first course (I think?) where you are being asked to check for errors from both the user and the system, and it's important to develop a sense of what needs to be checked and how to do so efficiently.\n\nThe second reason is that I feel it would be a disservice to spoon feed you a spec. Identifying potential trouble spots and figuring out error cases are important skills. By giving you a set of tests, I'm obviating the need for you to develop skill at identifying trouble cases.  \n\nFinally, you haven't actually lost any marks -- that you can see, anyway.  You probably will lose a few for return value issues and the other "little things" that you didn't list, but I can't yet tell you how much. Once you get your marks, let me know if you still feel the mark is unfair.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
