---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 18 Jan 2018 18:44:07 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]For 209 you had Professor Dema create office hours on wednesday when it be convenient for the students to have access for help due to your conflicts on these days, but since for 258 you are the only professor for this course, we dont have that luxury, is there any other Office hours we can attend besides the Monday, Tuesday and Friday or another person we can refer during these days that you are not here to get help from such as TA office hours to get help. [/quote]\n\nWhile I understand why office hours on Wednesday would be appealing as a venue for last minute pre-quiz questions, it's not feasible. Other faculty have their own work to do, I am not available, and the TAs are busy with labs on Wednesdays and Thursdays. Beyond that, there are other channels -- the discussion board, primarily, but also email if your question is personal --  for asking questions, so it's not necessary, and not reasonable to expect, that there will always be a person ready to meet with you face to face.\n\nSo, how can you get help? I am at UTM on some Wednesdays, and if my door is open, you're very welcome to drop by. (If the door is closed, I either have a deadline or am speaking to someone on skype.) I'm also careful to monitor the discussion board closely when I'm online, so if you post a question there, you'll get a fast answer, either from me or someone else in class. (I read all the posts, so if incorrect information gets posted, I will comment on it.)\n\nIf you have a question that needs to be face to face, you can also send me a note asking for an appointment. Give me a few times that work well in your schedule, and we'll make something work.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
