---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 20 Apr 2017 02:35:40 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I don't get why utm can't enroll everyone who gets in the cs math and stats program into cs. Unless you want to do math or stats or something else. It's creating false hope. I get that there is a lot of people who apply for cs post, but it's because utm enrolls way too many people into the 1st year programs. I'm hoping that the admission team gets a grip on themselves and start to stabalize the numbers.utm already makes around $1.3 billion in revenue every year. Now if you enroll everyone into cs then their fees increase because of deregulated fees and utm will make more revenue. My point is that if someone who has passed their 1st courses and has a decent cgpa should get into the program. It shouldn't be this competitive, in 2012, cs used to be a type 2 program and you could have 2.0 cgpa to get in. LIKE that's crazy simple. So like why are people suffering to get in because they are off by a few points on the cgpa scale. Like who cares 2.!\n 49 is like 2.5. Perhaps that's why utm has a significant high number of tranfer and drop out rates. In most universities if you get in a program you stay in that program unless you want to change. So what make utm or any of the other uoft campus so special. Besides the fact its like number 16 in the world for cs. Grads from other univeristies still get the same jobs as cs grads here. Perhaps admissions should make the criteria to get into 1st year cs harder, rather than make it difficult to get into post. I see people who are enrolled in stats major because they couldn't get into cs. This is the reason why uoft in general has a large tranfer rate to other universities and it also has a significant drop out rate compared to other universities.\n[/quote]\n\nOh, this is an interesting distraction. Thank you.\n\nFirst off: I don't believe it's true that U of T, in general, has a large transfer or drop-out rate compared to other universities. [url=https://www.utoronto.ca/sites/default/files/about/2012/B_04_a-c_UG_Student_Retention_Graduation4927.pdf]This data, while dated, is similar to other data I've seen in my administrative role.[/url] While a 30% non-completion rate seems horribly high -- and  it is -- there are many reasons people don't finish, and it turns out that most universities have about the same rate. \n\nSecond, I started writing a post comparing the German, Japanese, American, and Canadian systems and then decided I was just looking for something to do other than remarking. Feel free to drop by for a chat if that interests you. Instead, here's the crux of the issue: U of T, for whatever reason (and I think it's a good one, but we'd need to talk about school in Germany to have that discussion), lets people take any courses they want in first year. \n\nThe advantage is that you have freedom to study what interests you and to change your program of study as you like. The disadvantage is that planning, on the side of admissions and the departments, is far more difficult. For example: last year, the OR admitted about 250 students who said they were interested in CS. However, we also know that they admitted about 400 people who said they were interested in social sciences (that number is made up; I don't actually know how many people are in the social science stream), and a number of them applied to social sciences [i]because they knew it would be easier to get into and that they could still try to get into CS[/i]. There isn't a mechanism in place, at U of T, to force them to stay in the social sciences.  \n\nYou're right that we could enforce such a mechanism, but then we'd just end up picking a small number of people to do CS at year 0, using highly unreliable secondary school marks ... and, eventually, I think we'd shift to a standardized entrance exam. So I don't think that admitting people in year 0 is a good idea.\n\nSo, instead, we could accept everyone who passes year 1. That could potentially lead to huge growth in the program, so we'd need more teachers. \n\nOne option is to hire far more faculty whenever interest in CS (or any other discipline) grows. In theory, that's a great idea, and we [i]are[/i] searching for more faculty in CS. But the problem is, hiring a faculty member is basically ... forever. When you hire them, they'll be here for 30 years, at least, even if the increased interest in the program dries up in 2. So you have to be very certain that the increased demand won't disappear. \n\nThe alternative is to hire temporary faculty, but that is another big discussion ([url=http://www.chronicle.com/blogs/profhacker/understanding-the-contingent-academic-workforce/40951]here is one very biased perspective[/url]). But regardless of where you stand on contingent faculty and whether a department can run if it's completely formed of part-time faculty, that's not really an option in CS. The problem is that the growth in the discipline is large enough, and pressure from industry to hire undergrads is also high enough, that we don't actually have enough qualified people to hire. Why would someone qualified take a temp job when they can take their pick of permanent jobs? (And that's even assuming we can find someone who wants to do more school to be qualified for a teaching job instead of going straight to an industry job.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
