---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 06 Apr 2017 15:21:28 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]How come the students at St. George, who were working on the same assignments as us, are allowed to submit their assignments late with penalty, and work in groups for A4, while we couldn’t? How come their deadline was on April 5th, 5 days after our official deadline? It goes to show that we’re being treated unfairly. We were already under pressure that we don’t have the benefits that students downtown have, and our time to work on A4 was cut short because of its late release, but our time was already short to begin with!\n\nSomeone did talk about why we can’t submit assignments late, you responded with the reason that it is “logistically challenging” and a trade off had to be made. Well how come the professor downtown is able to handle it then? They have more students to begin with. So it’s pretty hard for me unravel my head around why the policy couldn’t be implemented here. Whatever reason that you try to justify here, you cannot deny the fact that they have it while we don’t. That’s unfair!\n\nAs for working in groups, I don’t understand why you can’t implement that. You can reason that it serves as a learning experience to manage everything on our own, but once again, you cannot deny that the St. George students have the benefit to work in groups, while we don’t. You can reason that we are focused on the content that we’re learning rather than marks…but marks still matter in the sense that the course code for this course is identical in both campuses, ignoring the suffix. If the UTSG student didn’t know about the lack of benefits that we have, then those students will begin to ponder on, “Why are UTM students are doing worse than them even though the assignments are the same?” Our sense of pride there is undermined, even for the ones who really trying in the course. \n\nBesides…students not being able to work in groups contradict the statement you made before about late submissions, where you said, “I feel my time is better spent on things other than managing late submissions.” This gives the impression that time is a concern for you, and if that is the case, why not have us work in groups, so that you have less assignments to mark then? It’s a win-win situation. You have less assignments to mark, so that you have time for other things, while we get to have experience in working with other people, which you guys have encouraged us before in CSC290 and CSC207.\n\nAs for their deadline being on April 5th, why weren’t we given those additional 5 days? You first reasoned before that you don’t want students working while they are studying for our exams, but then why isn’t this a problem for the professors downtown then? It’s pretty much our problem in how we are managing our time to work on the assignment and studying for the exams. If we need more time to study for the exams, then we’ll just have to get as much done sooner than later. If you try to say that gaining a few extra days to work on the assignment is insignificant, like what you had said before about why wasn’t A4 released earlier, then I’m here to tell you that that’s not true. For A3, I was able to finish coding it within 2 days, and debugging it within 1 day. Altogether, I only needed 3 days to finish the assignment. Granted, I trapped myself at home for almost all this time, and focused solely on the assignment for hours, but I was able to effectively make use of time for the assignment. The extra few days that I was given were used up when I had to attend my classes and do other school work. So it goes to show that even if you give us an extra few days, it can really make an impact to the students’ performance.\n\nA4, uses everything we know in the course, that includes sockets, which is our first time working with networks. Given that C is a low-level language that uses the imperative paradigm, everything is prone to errors. We got many strange bugs and errors in our programs like “abort trap: 6”, “stack smashing error”, and some bugs just appear without any errors. It was incredibly frustrating for people, like me, who spend days working on this, and they soon realize that they have to redesign the whole thing. We really needed the extra time, especially since the last week is filled with deadlines for assignments for courses like CSC263, where their last problem set required a lot of thinking; and some people had essays due. Granted, that it’s not really up to your concern about the deadlines for other course work, but most people have work in other courses, so giving us extra time actually helps in allocating time to work on A4, without costing our performance in other assignments. \n\nBut since we were not given the extra time, we had to make some sacrifices such as: sleep, attending lectures, going outside, or staying in a course. Some people may have foreseen the fact that they couldn’t finish the assignment, so they didn’t bother finishing it and dropped out of the course entirely. Others, like myself, hate to give up and try their absolute hardest to get the work done even if it goes against our odds, and have reached to a point where we feel frustrated. We know that a bot is going to mark our code for the exact output, and if our code just breaks in the end, all our hard work have fallen in vein. In fact, I got super mad at myself; I tried my hardest to succeed but I failed. But then when I realized I have the UTSG students have benefits that I don’t have, then I got even more frustrated. Had I have known about this before, I would’ve taken the course downtown.\n\nAll in all, I believe that I have sufficiently shown that UTM students are not being treated on the same level as UTSG students in CSC209. People have told me that UTM is a part of UofT, so the same standard should apply everywhere in terms of workload and difficulty, but not in this case, I’m afraid. In fact, I haven’t even mentioned their course website; their website is much more appealing to our eyes than ours. Granted, not everyone cares about the websites’ aesthetics, but given the circumstance that I discussed before about how unfair that we are not getting the same benefits over the same assignments, this is not helping. In some sense, it makes me feel that they are favoured more.\n\nI’m sorry for making a long post, but I believe that it had to be done.[/quote]\n\nI think I've responded to questions about why I didn't allow groups and late submissions before, so I won't detail my reasons. Why it is done downtown, though: they use groups to cut down the marking load, with the understanding that students won't work on all of the assignment, and they allow late submissions because the decreased marking load (per TA) lets them use resources on the logistics of managing late submissions.\n\nRegarding due dates: I think you don't have all of the information correct. Their assignment was due 5 days after UTM because StG started a week after we did. Their last day of classes was yesterday, April 5. So their assignment was due on the last day, just as ours was.\n\nIf you look further back: All of the UTM assignments were due before StG. All of the UTM assignments were also posted before they were posted at StG, and you'll see small differences in the requirements in those assignments.\n\nBut beyond those issues: you're right that UTM isn't StG, in many ways. There are more faculty there, so there are more courses offered. There are more people there, so they get more recruiters. But if you're concerned about [i]pride[/i]: at UTM we strive to make sure that the students meet the same outcomes as students at StG, and we try to give you the tools to outperform them. \n\nFor several years, the top marks in CSC469 (advanced OS) were held by UTM students, because the systems students are strong here. So if you really believe you're being treated unfairly -- if you think they have it easier -- then the next time a StG student throws shade at you for being at UTM, just smile and tell them to try a systems course here.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
