---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 06 Apr 2017 09:52:09 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I can see cheat sheet was allowed for several times previously. Is there a specific reason for you to push us to remember those details? (signals, syscalls, etc.)
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nWe've been pretty "resourceful" in terms of working on our assignments and labs. There are plenty of documentations and instructions to follow. The workload for those assignments is still intense, but I do feel I can virtually write anything with the GNU library opening aside.\n\nMeanwhile when reviewing for the final, I started to feel there are so many things I need to memorize (especially for the second half of this course). As you mentioned in other posts, there isn't many variations and creative works in system calls and signals. My depression only gets deeper when I "hard-copy"; those things into my brain. Because I know I still need to look for extra references whenever I want to write related codes.\n\nI do hate the assignments but I can see those assignments helped me learn a lot. I am not able to take memorizing large chunks of codes as a rewarding experience, though.\n\nSorry for the depressing feedback, but I would still like to know your thoughts and concerns even the after the final.\n[/quote]\n\nYou're right that you shouldn't be trying to memorize large sections of code. I doubt it would help, even if you could accurately memorize chunks of code. (I've used "cheat sheets" in the past, and the number of times I'd get perfectly formatted, lovely code that solves a different problem is ... large.)  \n\nYou do get an API sheet, so it shouldn't be necessary to look up the names and signatures of the various sys calls you've used. You'll also get the common macros and structs related to those syscalls. What you do need to memorize is the typical way that syscalls return errors.</p>
