---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 12 Jan 2017 22:04:42 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Would all the CSC 200 level course please use the same discussion board. Right now, CSC209 and CSC263 are using the Minimal forums while CSC258 is using Piazza. It is a constant struggle to switch between the two. It would be much better to have everything in one place, as I am sure many students would like it as well. [/quote]\n\nNo. \n\nSorry! Your request isn't unreasonable. It's just that getting any group of faculty to do -- or agree -- on anything is akin to herding cats. In this case, I'm not willing to switch to Piazza, and I doubt that Prof. Zhang is willing to switch to Minimal. Here's the  issue with the Minimal forums vs. Piazza ... Allow to me to pretend to be Prof. Zhang for a moment:\n\n[quote]Petersen: Hey, Prof. Zhang. Could you stop using Piazza? It's driving the students crazy that we're using two different forums.\n\nZhang: No way. Have you tried Piazza? It's awesome! You can craft "instructor" answers while the students jointly build a "student" response. \n\nPetersen: Yeah, I've tried it. It *is* awesome. I'll give you that. But ...\n\nZhang: And you can set notifications that actually work! And you can mark some student answers as being approved by the instructor!\n\nPetersen: Yeah, I get it. The department forums have some flaws. But ...\n\nZhang: "Some" flaws? You'll spend twice as much time responding to posts on those forums. It's hard to find answers. Students end up posting the same question 37418 times without knowing it. They ...\n\nPetersen: I get it. I taught 108 last term. \n\nZhang: So why don't you use Piazza?\n\nPetersen: They sell student information. I just can't get around using a tool that opts students into data tracking without telling them.\n\nZhang: Well, you could tell them.\n\nPetersen: But they don't listen to me, and they don't actually read anything I post. \n\nZhang: True. So you're not going to switch?\n\nPetersen: No.\n\nZhang: Me, either.\n\nZingaro: Hey, what are you guys arguing about? I'm sure you're both wrong.[/quote]\n\nSo, I'll forward your anonymous email to Zingaro and Zhang. And I'll send them this post, too. But I think you should plan for dealing with having more than one discussion board. You can set email alerts on Minimal, for example, if you want to be informed whenever there's a new post. (Note, however, that you'll have to tell it to email you in every separate subforum.)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
