---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 06 Apr 2017 09:35:25 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Regarding your assessment and evaluation techniques.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nIf you look at each course concept as a piece of a puzzle then I would expect that you were evaluated on how well you were able to replicate each puzzle piece in you own mind and demonstrate that understanding through reconstruction or some sort. \n\nWhich sounds fine, in most courses. Except in 209 for some reason, if you fully understood and were able to demonstrate and replicate 9 out of 10 puzzle pieces perfectly,  but the tenth piece you weren't able to formulate perfectly in your head. But, you did a moderate job. \n\nStill, that last puzzle piece! It didn't quite fit in the puzzle. And before you had a chance to fully grasp how that puzzle piece should be modified and reformed. A robot rolls by... wait... an  ugly, late, abomination of a robot rolls by and records your broken puzzle. And as it rolls away, you can't hear the motors turning. Just the robotic pre-Siri pre-AI robot voice looper repeating ... ZERO!... ZERO!...ZERO!...\n\nYou once said you couldn't crack open our heads and pour out the contents to measure how much we understand. That was clever... I had a good chuckle. But after meeting your ZEROBOT, that doesn't sound like such a bad idea. I'll even bring my own hammer and chisel. I agree, as long as the measuring cup is graduated. Because your bot certainly isn't.\n\nIn one of your posts you also said assigning a grade gets in the way of what's really important, learning the material. People in education love that little disingenuous tidbit. But I think that your inability to properly assign grades is what's taking the focus away from the material. Your puzzle is broken Andrew. It doesn't matter that some of the pieces to your puzzle may fit. How about I give you a ZERO? ZERO in an infinite loop.\n\nStill hating on C.\n\nPS. it would be very nice and gracious of you if you could drop our lowest assignment mark.[/quote]\n\nI truly don't believe that stating that the learning is the key item is disingenuous. \n\nIn any case, I give you full marks for chutzpah for asking for graciousness after those zingers.</p>
