---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 08 Mar 2018 20:58:28 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Applied CS courses like 209,207 and 258 should not have a lecture but should only have tutorials conducted in the lab by the professor because demos in lecture are confusing and doing activities in lecture without a Linux/university computer isn't helpful in real application. Also, for csc209, why a written exam? In the real world, we will always have a computer when solving problems related to this course (hence computer science). Traditional methods of learning such as lectures and exams are counter productive as they are not being developed as rapidly as the technology around us. [/quote]\n\nThanks for the feedback. I've tried running lectures in a practical room before, and it has its problems, too. I don't think I would choose to put 209 into a practical-only system. There's enough higher level content (the memory model, for example) which isn't actually suited to a demo that I wouldn't want students to always be in front of a computer. 209 differs from 108, where the focus is on writing code and where being in a lab would allow you to teach differently.\n\n209 has a written exam for a similar reason. I don't just want to test your ability to write code -- although that's a component of the mark, and I could imagine doing part of the test in a lab. However, it's [i]not[/i] just a coding class, and it's simply not true that all of the work a computer scientist does in the "real world" is done with a computer. I argue that a significant amount of the work we do is done away from a computer, where we have to evaluate ideas [i]before[/i] they are implemented and to understand problems without taking the time and trouble to translate them into a program.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
