---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 01 Mar 2018 22:25:07 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Not feedback, or course related questions, but just an important question that you seemed to be perfect for because of your experience at utm. A professor has his birthday coming up next month, and my friends proposed getting him cake during office hours (which happen to be a day before a test). I felt a bit unsure about whether this was allowed, thus decided to ask you on here. Is a gift card, or cake, or anything of that sort an acceptable thing here?[/quote]\n\nSo, a gift card -- really, there's no need, and you shouldn't. In my opinion, it would be weird. \n\nA cake: "The day before a test" is the only thing that makes me a little hesitant here. Since office hours are likely to be busy, making a big deal could cause problems. If you were to bring in a cake and share it around with everyone who attended office hours, without making a big deal of it or reducing the time available, then it would be fun and memorable.\n\n[quote]Same student who asked about that birthday thing. i realize that disrupting office hours is a terrible idea (which is why i asked you for confirmation so i can let my friends know. i was also wondering if even a gift card is not allowed here?[/quote]\n\nIn general, gifts aren't necessary. And if you're still in a position where the prof is evaluating you (especially here, with the test the next day), it would be weird because it could feel like a bribe. If you want to recognize the birthday, come in with a card that lots of people signed -- that doesn't have monetary value, and it's personal.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
