---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 06 Apr 2017 09:40:15 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I've failed every assignment and mostly every lab. I watched all the videos multiple times but had no idea what some of them were trying to convey and others I found myself forgetting how to use after about a week. I was just wondering if you could explain how to do well in this course. I never went to office hours because I usually find it embarrassing to ask for help. Is it helpful to have friends to work with or partner up with? I find it near impossible to talk to people cause I'm super shy and just usually don't know how to communicate with others.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nWatching the videos multiple times probably won't help much. They -- or the transcripts below them, if you prefer to read -- convey an introduction to syntax and to some common issues you'll encounter as you write code, but they're just an introduction. You won't really "get it" until you try it, seg fault, look up the man pages, debug, bus error, seg fault, ask someone for a tip, rewrite, seg fault, debug, ... \n\nIt really is helpful to have people nearby that you can bounce ideas off of or ask for help on how to use a particular structure. It saves some time, if they've already done some looking around, and they are likely to have run into similar problems and might be able to give you a sense of where to start looking for the error you're currently facing. Working on it alone ... works, but in my experience, it's easy to hit a wall where I'm not sure what to do next, and then I just get frustrated. Having someone to bounce an idea of off gets you moving again.</p>
