---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 01 Mar 2018 22:01:56 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]The quizzes/labs should have been about the previous week's content. The textbook isn't good at explaining the concepts and the lecture is the only thing that somewhat helps me understand the content, and then I get less than a day to study for a quiz that is worth 3%, which I think is nuts. \n\nI have heard you talk about wanting us to learn the best we can, but making us rush through the content in less than 24 hours is not helping at all. I'm very far behind in this course, as are many, many others, and I hardly have time to start from the beginning as I have to spend time on other courses and commitments. My only hope right now is the exam, where I will actually have some time to redeem myself. \n\nI understand that it is too late to make such changes to the course, but this is something that I think is really important to think about for next year.[/quote]\n\nI shifted some material around to try to give you a bit more time to catch up. Next week's material, assembly code, doesn't rely as heavily on the hardware, and that should give you some extra time to review the single-cycle processor material so that you're ready for pipelining (which I had planned to cover next week).  \n\nI could use your help, though. I'm not sure what the cause is (see below), but I'm hearing, from this particular channel, more concerns about grades and more concerns about being behind or unable to do the expected work. Yes, that worries me, and I'm trying to speak to people in person, to try to get a broader sample of input, so if you have the time, please do drop by to chat.  \n\nSo, why am I unsure of the cause? The obvious answer is, "There's too much in this course," but I ran this course with the same content in both 2014 and 2015. Frankly, while there were concerns about the reading and quizzes in the first few weeks each year, it worked a lot better. (I just reread the anonymous feedback for those years, and things settled down by about week 6.) As a previous commenter has pointed out, the reading guides for 2015 are visible in the directory (edit: were available ... I forgot that I just moved things around a bit to accommodate the change for this week), so you can see that we're covering similar material at a similar pace ... and they haven't had nearly the trouble that is being reported this year. The major change between those years and this one is that we ran the quizzes [i]in class[/i] instead of in lab; you were expected to do the exercises entirely before lecture.  \n\nWhy am I hearing more complaints this year? I'm not sure. \n\n1) Anonymous feedback has been more negative than those years, but that could just be sampling bias. It's very hard to know how many people are speaking on anonymous feedback, and I take claims like "a bunch of my friends" with a healthy dose of skepticism. I try to get other evidence by speaking to students in the lab or in office hours, and I'm not hearing as much negativity there (though they're much less likely to tell me, either, so it's difficult).  \n\n2) It could be the quizzes. Since the quizzes are in lab, rather than in lecture, I've felt comfortable putting in larger questions, like those in the exercises.  \n\n3) It could be increased workload in other courses, which is keeping you from being able to spend as much time preparing. I'm seeing students spending very little time working on 209 early, for example, and that's worrying me, too.\n\n4) It could be me and my engagement with this course. My teaching style has evolved, and with the increase in the population, there's also just less "me" to go around. Because I'm dealing with logistics and admin, I'm spending less time working with students 1-1 in office hours and haven't dropped by the labs nearly as often this year as in past years.\n\n5) To be blunt: It could also be you. Student populations do change, and so it's possible that, as a group, you're either putting in less time (unlikely?), have been less well prepared to learn by reading (possible), or simply have different beliefs about what is expected of you.\n\nSo, anyway. I'm thinking about this, and I'd love to hear from you in person. Anonymous feedback is great -- and I appreciate getting feedback from you on this forum -- but it isn't a discussion, and I need a discussion at this point. I need to be able to ask questions of you and to see who you are. (So if you're willing to drop by to talk, thanks in advance!)
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
