---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 08 Feb 2018 18:10:12 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]While in the lab I'm constantly having to remind myself that the lab is for a computer organization course, and not an intro to Quartus course. The labs do not provide students with additional resources to further understand course material and I'm pretty sure if we weren't being marked for the quizzes and work we do in labs I would not show up. Analyzing a circuit or reading over the textbook for two hours would be much more beneficial than what we do in tutorial. The only time the actual focus of the lab is on course material is during the quiz, after that I'd say less than 10% of time spent in lab is dedicated to actually thinking about course material, with the majority of lab spent mindlessly recreating the circuits we've brought in our pre-lab and being annoyed with the software we have to use. I've gained no further or deeper knowledge of course material while attending tutorial yet.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nFor me, there's value in creating a circuit and then verifying it to make sure that it works. There's also some value, I think, in using the tools that you'd be expected to use if you were working in the field. However, I can see how difficulties with the tool itself are outweighing the benefit you're getting.\n\nI've been meaning to investigate other tools that we can use to build circuits for the past year, and I'll try to make that a priority before the next offering of the course.  Thanks for the nudge!</p>
