---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 08 Mar 2018 00:35:46 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I'm sure this is probably not the best place to talk about this but I just want to hear your opinion on how you would've handled this situation with your experiences. 
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThe problem is other CS students and I are in a bit of a pickle currently. There is a prof at UTM (will not be named and is not CS related) that likes to "challenge" his/ her student by creating questions on test where we have never seen before. I know the meaning of test is to challenge the knowledge of students so that they can expand their learning capabilities but the issue is these questions on these test seem impossible. During our first test this semester, I personally left 3 out 7 questions blank even though I did all my homework and tried to understand it as well as I could. I know other students who are very intelligent and even they are complaining about the difficulty on these tests.\n\nI have personally had this prof for 3 different classes and every time in those classes, our first test have always received a "curve" because of how difficult and low scored they were.\n\nIf you were in our situation during your undergrad, how would you have handled it? I'm assuming there is no way we could "complain" in terms of the profs teaching, can we? I feel like my last resort is to drop the course by March 14 but being a student, I don't want to waste money. Would you mind providing some insights? Thank you![/quote]\n\nThat's tricky. I don't have any magical insight, I'm afraid.  \n\nI think I'd focus on desired outcome. Are you getting what you're looking for out of the class? If so, I'd stick it out. If not -- or if you're not sure -- then I'd seek more info or drop out of the class.  \n\nBy "what you're looking for," I mean: you seem to have known that this prof had a reputation. Did you take this course because you wanted to be challenged? Or does this prof have a reputation that you leave the class with a solid grasp of the material (... with a low mark)?  If so, are you getting what you really want out of the class?  \n\nOr was this prof's testing style a surprise? If so, and if obtaining a good mark is a primary goal, what do students with past experience with this prof saying about the final marks in this course? Do they generally end up okay, after adjustments are made? Or are they low? If they're low and it's not what you signed up for, then you have to consider what the cost of dropping (financial and in terms of wasted time, as you'll need to retake the course) would be.  \n\nAppealing to authority -- to the Chair of the department, most likely -- may or may not have an effect. If the prof is well established, then it's likely that the department knows about this prof's tendencies, and allowing it to continue is either tacit approval or, at the least, an acknowledgment that they can't do much about it.  If the prof is new or a sessional, then it's possible that bringing up a concern about the reliability of the evaluation ("we don't feel we're being assessed in a way that actually measures what we're getting from the course ...") could lead to a review. \n\nIf you'd like to speak in confidence, then drop by my office. I'm happy to chat off the record.</p>
