---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 08 Mar 2018 21:10:20 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Was just reading your responses to anonymous feedback and so your post about women/minorities in CS, and that was really amazing to read. I'm glad to know that this issue is recognizable but professionals (such as yourself) in the industry.\n\nIn CSC209, I find it to be taught a lot differently from other courses such as 108 & 207. I just want to personally say, its been a difficult class, despite the resources given to us. PCRS is a great tool, but I do not think it is enough to prepare for class. Even the worksheets given in class don't help that much in understanding the concepts needed. The lack of slides doesn't help as much as well.\n\nI know that 209 and 207 are very different classes, but I do want to point out that the number of different code examples provided(rather than 1 worksheet and dry PCRS videos) helped in understanding that concepts for that week. I just wish there were more examples to look back on during class for 209, rather than an empty worksheet.\n\nI want to say that the MAKEFILE class was probably the best lecture, in terms of understanding the material and concepts needed for that week. There were enough slides to look back at and fully understand what was need.\n\nI know its a bit late in the semester to bring this up, but I hope that you take this to heart, and its great to know you are listening to criticism instead of dismissing it.[/quote]\n\nThanks for the feedback. You're right; I'm relying on you to explore. The worksheets are invitations to write code, rather than solutions or examples to review. Most videos come with example code that we base the worksheets on, though, if that's what you find most valuable.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
