---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 01 Dec 2016 11:18:41 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]what are your thoughts on the Peterson controversy?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI'm not informed enough about the arguments on the various sides, so I hesitate to stake a position. But you've asked, so here are some comments and [b]opinions[/b] as a citizen and community member, rather than as an expert. \n\n1) People frequently misspell my name. (As a result, some email intended for me goes to "Andrew Peterson", a former student who doesn't want my mail. He stopped talking to me a few years ago.) I'm fairly used to this. However, it baffles me how people can decide to send mail to "Jordan Peterson" a professor of psychology at Scarborough and end up sending it to "Andrew Petersen" in computer science at Mississauga.  In any case, if the mail I've received (in proxy for him) is any indication, people are quite hateful. I find this particular method of objecting to be distasteful and disgraceful.\n\n2) Freedom of speech and, more specifically, academic freedoms for faculty are extremely important to me. However, these freedoms are, in specific situations, limited, and I agree with many of the situations in which these rights are limited. In this particular case, neither the situation being debated nor the context in which the discussion is occurring are straightforward. As a result, I am pleased that the university has allowed the conversation -- and protests, and counter-protests, and counter-counter-protests -- to occur. \n\nHowever, while I appreciate -- and fully support -- the rights of the people involved (Peterson, Peet, and others) to have this discussion and [i]also[/i] to object to what is being said in the discussion, I find some of the arguments and actions used to be inappropriate and unconvincing. I've mentioned one example above.\n\n3) Regarding the topic itself: I do not, on the whole, find myself swayed by the argument that Peterson has made. In particular, I am inclined to believe -- without, again, having sufficient background to provide a well-grounded opinion -- that Peterson has missed important details about the process to be used to enforce the statute that undermine his argument. He is not a legal scholar, though he can claim expertise in some aspects of the situation being legislated, and the legal scholars who have commented on this topic, while split on some issues, appear to have largely dismissed his claims.</p>
