---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 02 Feb 2017 21:30:40 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]why is there a 20% deduction for a remark? [/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nJust to be clear: it's a 20% deduction for a [i]resubmission[/i], not for a [i]remark[/i]. If you want me to review the marking, I'll do so. If it was our mistake, the mark will get changed. However, if your code has to be changed (resubmitted), then I'll apply the deduction. \n\nWhy?\n\nPrimarily, because marks are supposed to reflect performance. If someone submits something that doesn't work, I don't think it would be fair to give them a second chance and, potentially, to give them the same mark as someone who got it correct the first time. \n\nAnd sure, the thing they may have forgotten might seem minor, like adding "#include "hash_functions.c" to try to get a file to compile, but that's still an error: it reflects a misunderstanding of the use of include statements and the flexibility of separate compilation.\n\nSecondarily, because resubmissions take a lot of time to process. Marking all of the assignments at once takes a while, but there's an economy of scale: whether there are 5 or 500 submissions, my work is constant. Every remark, however, adds additional time, and that's non-negligible (10-15 minutes each?). If 10% of 209 were to ask for a resubmit, I'd spend a full day on that task.  \n\nSo, in my mind, adding a penalty to resubmissions strikes a balance between (1) allowing students to get some marks when there is a catastrophic error (like failure to compile or a timeout on a common input) and (2) deterring resubmissions for minor issues.</p>
