---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Thu, 03 Nov 2016 16:21:25 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]On the first day of the course, on one of the slides it said, "Anyone can take this course, no programming experience required", however, I disagree with the statement. Being someone who has had no programming experience, it is becoming really difficult to cope up with the pace of the course and with the level of difficulty of the assignments being so high, it is becoming even more dreadful to study the subject. I request you to kindly reduce the speed of the course and explain in a little more detail what each piece of code means. I must say that your teaching style is really good but it would be helpful if you could explain codes in a little more detail.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI'm very sorry to hear that you're having trouble with the course. I agree that students who have not studied computer science before will have more trouble than students who have experience with programming. It's the same with any skill: practice is important, and the longer you've had to practice, the better you'll get. However, I stand by initial assertion that this course is intended for students without experience. We've tried very hard to make sure that we're covering material "from the beginning" and that there are resources in place to practice. Students without experience have been successful in prior terms, and while this is anecdotal: a student without prior experience has been one of the top 3 marks [i]every year I have taught this course[/i]. (Yes, I ask. I'm curious.)\n\nSo here are the keys: you need time to practice, and you need help when you get stuck. The time to practice is up to you. (I expect it should take ~8 hours each week. In some weeks, a bit less. When assignments are due, significantly more.) Please, if you're having trouble, take advantage of the resources that are available. You're welcome to attend any lab (or the open TA hours that have been recently posted) to ask questions, and you're also welcome to attend any instructor's office hours. Granted: my office hours have been very busy this week, with A2 coming due and the midterms being returned, but I expect they'll get quiet again soon.\n\nIf you've run out of PCRS examples to practice, make sure you're working on the labs. You can also take a look at the additional exercises posted on the "references" page of the course website.\n\nRegarding the pace of the course: unfortunately, no, we can't slow down. This course is a prerequisite to later courses (CSC148 in particular, but also CSC207, 209 and third year courses, indirectly).  Those courses rely on us introducing specific material, so we have to make sure that material is covered. Again, if you need extra explanation, please come see someone in lab or office hours.</p>
