---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 22 Mar 2018 01:27:18 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]In the past, the assignments were relatively clear to the point where you could read the handout and accomplish the tasks listed. For this A3, I've heard 50 different things from 50 different people (exaggerating). Even the TAs are giving conflicting information where the advice from one TA contradicts something said by another. This whole assignment is a complete mess and it has already taken a very large amount of my time with no success. The assignment description is too vague whereas the tests are so precise that our functions are switched for others. In my opinion this is really unfair. Another thing is, the resubmission is an extremely bittersweet thing. We have A4 to work on as well as multiple assignments from other classes in the < 2 weeks which are remaining. You could have been a bit easier on us especially at this time of the semester. \n\n-Student who was doing well until this mess of an assignment[/quote]\n\nI have some trouble with the statement that it's vague. If anything, I felt like this assignment was over-specified. I don't contend that it was easy to understand the intended structure -- building a pipeline is non-trivial, and really getting processes and the implications of the process-pipe interaction is challenging-- but we essentially only permitted one viable design.\n\nYou're right, though, that things are going to be tight the next couple of weeks. Your profs generally get quite busy a couple weeks before you do (prepping the work you're doing), and this week has been a doozy. Good luck wrapping up!
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
