---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 08 Mar 2018 00:46:04 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Are the courses at UTM (in MCS) artificially made "harder" to weed-out students? In an other way, I mean to say that if there wasn't a huge demand for CS, would the courses still be the same (difficulty wise)?[/quote]\n\nNo and yes.  As a department, I know we don't intentionally set out to "weed out" students. As a counterpoint: we've maintained a no-entry requirement minor, despite the growth, because we feel it's the right thing to do to give everyone who is qualified (passes the courses) exposure to the discipline. If our primary goal was to reduce the number of students in our courses, shutting down the minor would do it.  \n\nAs an individual prof, I can assure you that intentionally setting out to "weed out" students would not be worth the headache. I am much happier when my courses are running well and everyone feels like they're making progress and earning marks that reflect their effort. When the students are frustrated or feel like they're being evaluated unfairly, it takes a tremendous amount of emotional energy and time to try to address the problem and to support individual students -- and that's just if the issues are a side effect of running the course as you feel it needs to be run. Intentionally setting out to fail people would be even more brutal. I didn't enter this vocation because I wanted to crush dreams.\n\nThat being said ... courses do get more difficult over time, at least in our field, so it's easy to develop a perception that we're making things harder "because of demand." I remember receiving a bunch of early calendars -- the academic requirements for UTM from the 1980's -- and the courses listed were, of course, much less involved than they are today. Partly, it's because we didn't have the ability to run the practical courses we do now; no one had a machine, so courses with a practical component involved timesharing a device or using the one lab in the department.  Partly, it's because the field has advanced; we just know more, and more is expected of graduates entering later schooling or the workforce. While the changes have not been dramatic, I've seen a growth in some courses while I've been at UTM (over the past twelve years). In particular, we've struggled to try to keep modern techs in our courses (Prof. Rosenbloom always leads the effort there), and we've had to find space for topics, like concurrency and scaling, that have become increasingly important.\n\n[b]Edit:[/b] I'm backlogged on anonymous feedback again. There are a few left, but they'll have to wait a couple days, as remarking has been languishing too long.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
