---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 01 Mar 2018 22:11:02 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]We have a groupchat on facebook and we were voting whether or not we understand what's going on in class, and almost everyone but one person said "no". Obviously the pace of the class is way too fast. The material we are expected to read before class is also way too technical. We only understand the basics and not how everything works. The definitions are easy, but when it comes to the actual processes and architecture it is super confusing, and your expectations for us is completely different from reality. [/quote]\n\n[quote]With the way you are pacing this course, and the amount of material covered, I strongly feel that this should be a year long course. I believe future students will benefit from it. I decided to write this to you after making sure I wasn't the only one who felt this way. I have talked to several current students, past students, and even some TA's.[/quote]\n\n[url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=7493&pid=27618#pid27618]I'll let this previous response stand in for both of these posts,[/url] as I think they're related. \n\nIf you're behind, it would really help if you came into office hours, so we could try to help you get caught up in a couple key areas. It would also help me deliver a more useful lecture, as I would get a better sense of what you're struggling with. (I'm getting very little traffic on 258 this year. Almost everything is a 209 pointer question ...)\n\nI have to reject, though, the claim that it's "obvious" that the pace of the class is too fast. We're covering the same material as we did in past years, and my expectations of you are the same as in past years. If that doesn't match reality -- and it may not -- then I'm happy to help you try to meet them, but I'm not reducing my expectations.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
