---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Thu, 09 Apr 2015 02:44:07 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [2804]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote=Anonymous]This may be a strange question, but I feel I should ask. Do you know which CS professors prefer to be called by their first name rather than "Dr. X" or "Prof X"?[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThere isn't going to be a hard and fast rule. Various faculty will have different preferences. I suspect, for example, that Dan Zingaro and Arnold Rosenbloom wouldn't mind you using their first names -- but I don't know for sure. (Ask.) Daniel Wigdor, on the other hand, would probably prefer that you use Dr. or Professor Wigdor. In most cases, I'm happy with either Prof. Petersen or Andrew -- but I eventually insist that students who are working with me closely (an independent study or over multiple terms) use my first name.  \n\nIf you'd rather not ask, it's always safe -- in this department or others -- to refer to a faculty member as Professor. That being said, using the title Professor as a general title isn't formally correct -- you're using it as a courtesy title. Formally, the title only applies to full Professors -- very senior faculty (and at U of T, only those in the research stream). The teaching faculty, for example, are titled lecturers (not technically professors) -- though that changes as of July 1, and more junior faculty are usually Associate or Assistant Professors. That being said, I don't think it will offend the person you're speaking to if you use a courtesy title for them, and I've never heard anyone referred to as "Associate Professor X" in informal conversation.\n\nI wouldn't use "Dr." unless you know the faculty member you're talking to holds a doctorate (Ph.D. or equivalent). It's never used as a courtesy title -- always as a badge of achievement -- and some faculty don't hold doctorates. I don't, for example, and neither does Arnold Rosenbloom. Beyond that, I think that in North America, it's generally held that Professor is more prestigious. In Europe, on the other hand, some people would prefer "Professor Doctor", since many Doctors are not Professors and some Professors do not hold Doctorates.  \n\nAs an aside, I have a colleague who holds two Ph.D.'s. I sometimes call him Dr. ______, Ph.D., Ph.D. I don't actually recommend that. It only really works as a joke.</p>
