---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Tue, 06 Mar 2018 10:25:02 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I love how you give thoughtful and accurate responses to the feedback that you get! I was really interested in the long post on lack of girls in CS and the posts on your background as a student. I am a more design-oriented student and want to specialize in HCI (human-computer interaction). What would you recommend to students who are more design-oriented but still would like to graduate with a CS degree? Furthermore, for the students are looking to centre their focus in a certain section of computer science, what would you recommend us doing? Will that specialization start to happen in our undergraduate years or will that only come in our masters? [/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThank you! I really like that anonymous feedback lets me respond to issues that people don't feel comfortable asking. \n\nI strongly believe that every person should own their own narrative. By that, I mean that you should have a sense of what you want to happen in your life, and you should be able to tell someone a story about your life that explains how you're getting there. It's never too early to start. To tell that story, you need to able to explain what motivates you about that goal, what experiences you've had that lead you to choose that goal, and what experiences and skills you've obtained that will contribute to you being successful at your goal.  \n\nSo, if you want to specialize in a certain field of CS, reflect on why you want to go there: what about that field appeals to you? Then, consider what things you can do now might lead to later opportunities, and seize them. If you're heading into design, then would art courses benefit you? Design or communication courses from CCIT?  (Should do a CCIT major?) An internship doing design work? (What skills are required for those jobs?) An independent project reworking the UI of, say, PCRS? Plan out your courses and look for opportunities that will contribute to your story. (And if you want to contribute to a PCRS design review and redesign ... by all means talk to me.)\n\nWithin CS, there are a few opportunities to do design work. CSC318 is the entry point for that. (I believe there's a fourth year HCI course, as well.) Many design jobs in tech happen in conjunction with web development, so CSC309 is a good choice as well. Once you get to the fourth year, taking the capstone (CSC490) and taking a design-focused role in your team would be useful. Outside of CS, I'd consider whether a CCIT major is possible and desirable.  \n\nAlso, all that being said, having a goal now doesn't mean the goal can't change. If you realize that you actually want something else, then by all means, change your goal and then think about how your experiences are leading you in that new direction. Rebuild the story, so people can understand what you're aiming to do and what skills and experiences you're bringing to the table.</p>
