---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Tue, 24 Jan 2017 14:33:24 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

Thanks to everyone who sent me some feedback on the summarization problems! 
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nThe response was generally negative (feedback copied below, with some comments inline), which I'm taking to mean that I need to think about how to motivate the type of problem or to evaluate it more effectively (so that people don't spend time hunting for keywords). That's assuming, of course, that there is an effect. I won't pull the data until the semester ends, but I will be looking to see whether there was an impact on performance in the very short term (on the questions at the end of the exercise) and further out (on the midterm or final review). If you're interested in the results, let me know, and I'll mail you after we finish the analysis.\n\n[quote]The summaries for the preparation on dynamic memory seemed a bit counterintuitive - we receive a perfect for providing a response between 100 and 250 words, in addition to using certain keywords determined relevant in our responses - criteria that determines our understanding of a topic that might not match our own. For example: what if we can summarize our understanding in less words? What if we do not feel it necessary to create summaries/notes for all the topics as some are easier to understand than others?[/quote]\n\nI agree that the lengths are arbitrary. Thanks!\n\n[quote]This got a 4/4\n\nstrcpy strncpy Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec tristique sagittis enim, aliquet eleifend orci pretium vitae. Morbi elementum neque ut tortor porttitor, vel ultricies orci ultricies. Vestibulum augue metus, vulputate sit amet lectus vitae, hendrerit dapibus nisl. Quisque volutpat, quam in porta porttitor, velit urna mollis mauris, ut volutpat velit dui sed nulla. Quisque a consectetur sapien. Cras blandit purus lectus, gravida tristique augue semper sit amet. Nunc in tempor orci. Ut blandit vel sem ac mollis. Nam molestie eu nibh ut tincidunt. Aliquam pretium feugiat arcu, in accumsan enim aliquam id. Mauris lobortis ligula eu felis.\n\nI don&#x27;t believe that this method of teaching is effective, as students are encouraged to abuse the marking algorithm for quick marks, rather than being encouraged to learn the course materials.[/quote]\n\nI consider it a partial win that you identified the keywords. However, I wish you had thought about what those keywords mean and how they relate to teach other, but that's your choice. The point of the "summarization" activity is that it asks your brain to build connections between ideas: to compare and contrast, to link related topics, to categorize, etc. By deciding to just pick out important words, you're declining to participate in an activity that I think will beneficial to you in the long run.\n\nBut in the end, how you choose to spend your time is your choice. It's my job to give you material and opportunities. It's your job to take those opportunities ... or not.\n\n[quote]It was a great weekend. I had a great time studying at a good pace until I started the Week 4 prep. More specifically, and sadly, the summaries. Doing the summaries makes me not want to do the other exercises. Summaries killed the vibe in studying for 209 and doing the prep. Please remove the summaries. Please carry out this good deed and bring back the joy in doing the lecture prep.[/quote]\n\nHeh. Well, no more this term. This was a one week experiment.  \n\n[quote]None of my friends like writing summaries. I thought it was annoying, too. It made me go back and read the transcript. And then I realized I missed something, so I think maybe it helped. But I still don't like it.[/quote]\n\n[quote]Also did you intend for us to write a C program to filter the transcripts to under 250 words, or is it just a coincidence that this was introduced in the section teaching about C strings. \n\nEither way, I think that the coding exercises in PCRS are a more effective way of teaching someone code than the summarizing thing. At least for me, I don&#x27;t remember what I hear, I remember what I do. [/quote]\n\nIt wasn't a coincidence, but it also wasn't a particularly important connection. We just needed a task and found inspiration.\n\nI hear you. I think the issue that coding teaches a set of skills -- but doesn't necessarily reinforce concepts. The idea that malloc allocates memory on the heap and returns a void pointer -- so we get to apply whatever format we like to that space -- is important, but where does that show up in code? I can ask you to demonstrate that you can use malloc, but I can't ask you to explain what it does, and both are important.</p>
