---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Tue, 24 Jan 2017 14:49:40 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]PCRS is really an amazing idea. It really does allow students to get a greater understading of the material.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nI think that most students don't know that PCRS is a UofT system, developed by students and faculty of UofT.\n\nThat being said, how can current students get involved with projects like this? Where can students find information about opportunities like this?\n\nI look forward to your response on the forum.[/quote]\n\nThat's kind of you.  \n\nSo, some opportunities are advertised on the discussion board (or on the board outside Petersen's office). For example, I expect to post a summer development opportunity in the next week or so. We're looking for 2 developers to build software tools for a self-paced version of CSC108 and an online stats course.  (That's how PCRS was developed a few years ago.) \n\nOther opportunities are course-based. There will be an announcement about the Research Opportunity Program (ROP) in early February. These courses offer the chance to work with a faculty member on a research project for a full year. Dan Zingaro and I both post opportunities most years, and we have a pretty good record about getting publications with our students.  \n\nIndependent study courses, in contrast, tend to be student-driven. Instead of a faculty member advertising a position, a student will ask about an opportunity to work on a project on a specific topic. You need to be known by the faculty in the department to make one of these happen in third/fourth year. So, ask good questions on the boards, get involved in MCSS and in TAing, and drop by office hours to ask questions and to share your interests. That way, we know whether we want to work with you (or not) when you submit a proposal for a project.\n\nAlso, Dan Zingaro and I run a research reading group each term. This term, about eight of us (six undergrad and two faculty, usually) are meeting on Fridays at noon to discuss recent research in computer science education. You may not be interested in this research area, but you're still welcome to join us, if only to practice reading research literature. If you [i]are[/i] interested in CS education as a project domain, then this is also a good way to build a foundation for a future research project.\n\nThanks for the question!</p>
