---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Tue, 13 Dec 2016 11:58:37 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]what are the consequences of calling out an instructor on the internet? [/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nNow that's an interesting question. I'm going to assume that you're talking about airing a complaint or concern about teaching or a professor's behaviour.\n\nIf you're truly anonymous, there is unlikely to be any consequence to you. There's also unlikely to be any consequences for the instructor (and they may not even know what you've done). For any serious change to occur, someone has to step forward and make a complaint through the right channels, and that complaint needs to be backed up by evidence.  \n\nIf you're not anonymous, then there still isn't likely to be many consequences for the instructor. Internet ratings are not very trustworthy, so their peers probably won't take any notice of them. The university won't take notice of it unless there's a complaint filed directly with them (again, with evidence supporting the complaint.) However, there may well be consequences for you. Whenever you put your name on something, it changes people's perceptions of you. So if you decide to go this route (and I assume you're asking for yourself), then please be professional about what you write. Ranting on the internet isn't a good look, and it could show up in a google search at the worst possible times. (Applying for a scholarship? Someone checks your name and finds ... Looking for a job? Are you level-headed and ready for responsibility? They look up your name and ...)\n\nSo, if you have a serious concern, I recommend (a) taking it to the professor first (if you're comfortable), (b) taking it to the department chair (if you're worried about the professor not handling criticism appropriately), or (c) approach the university's ombudsperson for advice (they will hold your concerns in confidence and will provide advice) or, if you prefer, visit UTMSU (as they are your elected representatives). In all of those situations: do try to be professional and make sure you have evidence of your allegations.</p>
