---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Tue, 07 Mar 2017 00:16:24 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I know this isn't really feedback but you've answered some interesting questions before and I was curious of your opinion on something. What do you think about this study: \n\n[url=http://www.hireimmigrants.ca/wp-content/uploads/Final-Report-Which-employers-discriminate-Banerjee-Reitz-Oreopoulos-January-25-2017.pdf]http://www.hireimmigrants.ca/wp-content/uploads/Final-Report-Which-employers-discriminate-Banerjee-Reitz-Oreopoulos-January-25-2017.pdf[/url]\n\nHow would students that are Asian realistically deal with this? Honestly it freaks me out that even if I put in the work and make effort I may have a less likely chance of success because of my name. It's really upsetting, hoping you can give some words of wisdom on that or some advice? Should we give different names on resumes, does that work? Honestly don't know what do think of this.[/quote]\n\nAs always ... read with a bit of skepticism. I'm not an expert in this area.\n\nBut I don't have to be an expert to be sorry you're encountering racism. I feel particular empathy if this is your first encounter with it. I vividly recall my own first, direct contact with racism -- and it occurred during university for me, as well. As a child, I was fortunate (or blind, or both).\n\nHowever, I enjoin you to remember this feeling in the future, when you encounter or witness others confronting barriers. \n\nIf you're Asian, you're relatively fortunate in this society. While you will encounter structural barriers, as the article you have cited demonstrates, the barriers faced by Asians are generally lower than those [url=http://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/papers.cfm?abstract_id=422902]faced by other minorities[/url] -- and in several studies of hiring practices I've seen, comparable or lower than [url=https://www8.gsb.columbia.edu/newsroom/newsn/2700/new-research-proves-gender-bias-extraordinarily-prevalent-in-stem-careers]those faced by a majority: women[/url]. (The study you've linked is interesting in that it "averages" across both genders, rather than looking at each gender separately. It's also interesting that it didn't provide a broader range of Asian names -- southeast Asians were completely unrepresented -- and that it didn't try to differentiate between responses to the different subgroups that were studied.)\n\nSo: in my opinion, it's bad out there. But you might even have it better than most. And (again, in my opinion) nothing's going to change unless we face the implicit, structural barriers around us.\n\n[quote]Should we give different names on resumes, does that work?[/quote]\n\nI've heard this called "covering." Whether or not it works, we all do it to some extent. Whether you choose to cover various aspects of your identity is your decision, but I personally try not to. First, if I successfully cover, does this mean that I'll be "fortunate" enough to join a group that is hostile or, at least, unsupportive to some aspect of myself? And will that end up costing me, emotionally or otherwise? Second, if I feel the need to cover, will anything change? \n\nAlso, as an aside: Oreopoulos is a UTM professor, and he's running some studies at UTM that look at methods (primarily "coaching") for reducing attrition in the first year. It's interesting, to me, to see an economist applying his knowledge to such a wide range of subjects.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
