---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Tue, 06 Mar 2018 22:27:03 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Hi Petersen, just wanted to voice my opinion on how not everyone in CSC258 are taking CSC209. Could you please avoid CSC209 references in your 258 lectures as sometimes it feels like I’m missing some info. Also today(Monday March 5th) you ended the lecture 20 minutes early for CSC209 students. I hope the Tuesday’s lecture will end similarly 20 minutes early or else that’s not fair if they get the full lecture period. Sorry for this mini rant, but I just wanted to voice my opinion on behalf of others. [/quote]\n\nWell, you [i]are[/i] missing some info. It's not info you're required to have, but I believe there's value in making explicit connections between courses when they exist. It can be difficult to see how what you're learning might be related to something else you know, and if a connection is made, it might give you a new perspective on both pieces of material. For example, I try to reference Python (108) and compilers (488), too, in an attempt to give you a sense of how things are related. In the case of 209 and 258, we're approaching the same point (the interface between user software, the OS, and hardware) from two different sides, so there are many potential links. \n\nSo, no -- I'm sorry, but that's something I will keep doing. I think it's valuable for reinforcing material in both courses, so it could benefit a large fraction of the people in the course.\n\nI did intentionally end lecture early in both sections. We covered the material I had prepared in both sections.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
