---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Tue, 29 Nov 2016 13:52:22 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I am a first year student, and I am doing absolutely horrible in this course. I do not understand how PCRS is set up, but there was a very abrupt transition in difficulty occurring around week 4, and it has been continuously more difficult as the course goes on. The transition from answering the multiple choice questions in the Prepare, to actual programming problems in both the Perform and the Midterm is/was a huge leap. I understand we are suppose to attempt programming all throughout the course, and that attending the Labs should have also helped me, but solving some of these questions and assignments has taken me multiple days of trial and error. The videos and multiple choice are great for the basic procedures, but when it comes to solving most of the problems in Prepare, I usually resort to finding similar example questions online. The videos provide only one or two examples of some of the concepts, whereas the problems usually have a "gimmick" that requires using multiple other concepts that were never thoroughly taught (after looking at an unfinished programming problem, I am usually not able to accurately plan out my steps and proceed to solve the problem with little to no trial and error). The lectures I attend (MWF 5-6) feel as though they are teaching concepts that I should have learned a week prior (It seems counter intuitive to teach Bubble Sort during week 11, when I required a better understanding of it on week 10 for the Prepare and Perform). The Discussion Board is riddled with questions with the typical "figure it out for yourself" answer. I understand not all questions can be answered, the TA's and professors can not spend their entire day helping out everyone, and that there are many students in this program. But, I'd rather get a push in the right direction than nothing at all (At least provide a website link, tutorial video, or anything that could potentially help). There is very little hop!
<!-- more -->
<p>\n e that I will pass this course, even though I had some programming knowledge in High School and I was confident up until the first assignment (mark: around 60%) and the midterm (mark: around 30%). I hope someone at least considers this feedback for any future students that might end up going through a similar situations as me. [/quote]\n\nThank you for the honest feedback. I truly appreciate it.\n\nI agree that there's a pretty large gap between the first few weeks of exercises -- which are largely multiple choice -- and the weeks where we start writing code. This material was the first that we developed for a programming course. Since then, we've built material for C (and are working on Java), and as a result, the tools have gotten better. We're now able to hide and block code, which makes it easier to present very small, focused programming exercises to students. We'll be revisiting the 108 material next summer, and I expect one of the things that will be done be the creation of a number of smaller code writing exercises to get students writing code earlier in the term.\n\nI think, however, that I have a very different perspective than you on the type of answers provided on the board. Would you mind providing a link (or two) to responses that you find particularly unhelpful or representative of the "figure it out for yourself" response that you find isn't useful? \n\nFrom my perspective, one of the desired outcomes of the course is for students to be extracting meaning -- requirements, for example -- from descriptions of functionality. As a result, when possible, I have avoided providing direct answers and have been copying and pasting key elements of the specification, when possible, to help students identify what they should focus on. In my experience, simply saying "do this" isn't as useful, long-term, as saying, "This kind of phrase is important. What does it mean?"\n\nFinally, one piece of important advice: if you think you are going to fail this course, I strongly recommend that you come in to talk to me about your options. Taking a fail -- a 0 in the course -- is not a good idea. To give you an idea of why:\n\n[code]>>> 4.0 * 20\n80.0\n>>> _ / 20.5\n3.902439024390244[/code]\n\nLet's say that you graduate with exactly 20 credits and earn a 4.0 on every credit. That's 80 GPA points. But let's say that you also took this course once and failed it (got a 0). As a result, you actually have 20.5 attempted credits. Your final GPA will be 3.9. That 0 costs you .1 on your CGPA.  \n\nThat's not, by itself, huge, but it adds up. A couple of 0's -- or a couple of low grades in one term -- can quickly put you into trouble. So, please: if you have a good chance of passing this course, by all means, let's finish it out. But if you think you have no hope, let's talk and see if there's something you can do over the next week. If not, then it might be a wise decision to drop the course (with an LWD). Before you drop, you should talk to me or an academic counselor, but it is an important option.</p>
