---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Tue, 10 Apr 2018 20:46:00 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]In numerous anonymous feedback responses for this and other courses, you've said that you will not post solutions to past exams, and even the quizzes for 258. Why not? [/quote]\n\nI tried an experiment in two courses (108 and 258, fwiw). In one year of each of the courses, I posted solutions. In the other, I didn't. In both cases, marks dropped in the course where I had posted solutions. The sample size is too small to generalize, but it, along with some discussions with the students involved, convinced me that just simply posting solutions was risky enough that I don't do it anymore.  \n\nThat's potentially controversial. There's a strong body of work that supports the idea that worked examples help. A worked example is one where a problem is posed and a solution or set of solutions are presented. While it's not part of the main definition, some studies looking at attributes of worked examples have suggested that good worked examples (a) present not only [i]how[/i] a problem is solved but [i]why[/i] a particular solution works or [i]why[/i] a particular solution approach was chosen and (b) are presented in sequences, with less and less detail provided in each subsequent example ("fading").  \n\nThe problem is, in my opinion, that exam and quiz solutions aren't worked examples. In particular, they aren't presented as part of a sequence, so it makes them susceptible to some known weaknesses: focusing on a single solution and incorrect self-explanations (learner generated explanations as to why particular steps are being taken). This was at least partially corroborated with discussions with students in the courses where solutions were presented. The students provided some evidence that they were focusing on the solutions themselves (from past tests and from problems in the book) and were learning features of the solutions, instead of using the solutions to generate effective explanations about the process being used to solve the problems.\n\nI suspect it's analogous to what we see in machine learning when insufficient numbers of examples in the training data are provided.\n\nThis leads to a potential solution: build sequences of worked examples, using past exams as a source of inspiration, so that students can learn the process. It's a good idea, and I'd like to do it. It'll take more exams than I currently have, though, and I haven't spent the time to do it yet.  \n\nWhat did the students who didn't get solutions do? Some struggled. They had trouble identifying when they had a correct solution, for example. The ones that succeeded used a couple methods: some found solutions online (as if I gave them solutions), some formed study groups (which lead to discussions about problems -- a potential win, in my opinion), and others found multiple ways to solve the problems or found ways to verify their solutions (a definite win).\n\n[b]Edit:[/b] Reading back on that, I could summarize it as, "Andrew spent too much time studying something, then found that being lazy made students do things that he thought were good. He hasn't gathered enough energy yet to build the better solution, so he's sticking with being lazy."
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
