---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Tue, 06 Mar 2018 23:17:22 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Have you guys hired Larry yet for faculty position? \nI like his memes pls [/quote]\n\nNo, we haven't.  \n\nJust for background: there are several different roles that someone might be in when they are teaching courses at the university:\n\n1) [i]Sessional instructors[/i] teach a single (or sometimes several) courses. They are paid on contract for each course. Joe Lim is teaching networks in this capacity.\n\n2) [i]Postdoctoral fellows[/i] sometimes teach a course or two (and don't teach at all in other cases). They have usually received a Ph.D. recently and are primarily responsible for doing research. A postdoc is, in some ways, a training position, and it's intended to be temporary. Postdocs are usually on a 1-3 year contract. There are a few postdocs in math; CS doesn't currently have anyone in this role.  \n\n3) [i]Limited-term appointment faculty[/i] are also on limited-term contracts. They might be assistant professors, teaching stream or tenure stream (or higher ranks) and are expected to fill all of the responsibilities of the faculty role they hold (see below). Since they are contract positions, these people are also expected to move onto other jobs in the future; they'll be at UTM for 1-5 years. Prof. Zhang is in this role.  \n\n4) [i]Professors[/i] are not on contract. At U of T, there are two tracks of faculty, which is somewhat unusual. The teaching-track faculty, like Prof. Zingaro or me, are primarily responsible for doing undergraduate teaching, so we teach 5-6 courses per year. We also have service and professional development (which for us is research) responsibilities.  Tenure-track faculty, like Prof. Fidler or Prof. Bonner, are primarily responsible for doing research and supervising graduate students, so they teach 2 courses per year (plus a grad seminar) and have higher research expectations than the teaching stream.  \n\nSince professorial roles are not temporary, it's expected that we'll be around ... 35 years or so. (As a result, it's very hard to get permission to hire a professor. It's a big commitment.) After three years, a new faculty member undergoes a probationary review, to make sure that everything is going well, and after five or six years, they undergo a promotion review. If they are successfully promoted, they have significant freedom and are basically permanent.  Prof. Zingaro is post-probationary review and pre-promotion review. I am post-promotion review.  \n\nWe just (in January) hired two new teaching-stream faculty who will join us in July, and some of you may have contributed feedback during their interviews in November/December. We are currently searching for new research-stream faculty. You may have seen one of the candidates on campus today.\n\nIf you want a really long, boring (probably) discussion someday, drop by and ask me why there are so many different types of positions.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
