---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Tue, 06 Mar 2018 23:37:57 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I think teaching C in CSC209 as part of the course is a waste of time. I think students should have to learn it themselves because CSC108 was designed to teach how to write code. CSC209 was made to teach more advanced stuff and having to learn C in the course took time away from that. 
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nMoral of the story: In CSC108, we should have learned C or Java, the languages we were going to actually use in future courses.[/quote]\n\nYou're going to end up using a lot of languages in future courses -- and out in the workforce. Python is, in my opinion, a superior starting language than either Java or C, though there are quite a few people who stand by Java as the better option. I don't know anyone, though I'm sure there are a few, who would start with C.  \n\nI agree that the time spent learning C detracts from other topics, but I don't think as much time was lost as you might think from just looking at the syllabus.  Most of C (that you're familiar with) occurred before the second week and was covered in optional PCRS modules.  After that, we dove straight into pointers and dynamic memory -- the new features in C -- and that gave us a chance to look at the programmer's view of memory (the memory model) and how processes utilize memory. Those [i]are[/i] the topics we wanted to cover in this course; it's not so much C (though we did burn some time on syntax) -- it's the model that C lets us see and manipulate. After that, we started doing binary manipulation of files. We did use C, but the point there was the syscalls we were using for the first time (seek, for example). And after that, we got into processes.</p>
