---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 04 Apr 2018 07:46:13 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I don't understand why we don't get a cheat sheet for the exam. What I'm gonna end up doing to study, instead of actually learning concepts and what they mean, I'll be remembering what to input into a read() or fscanf() and remembering what it's return values are and how to error check them.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nFor 207 we have 2 pages front and back of cheat sheets available so we knew that what we were being tested on is concepts... not just memorizing stuff I will obviously forget 2 minutes after walking out of the 209 exam. \n\nIn this course you encourage us and basically force us to google things and understand them through online resources, and for the exam you do a 180 and just expect us to memorize how structs and other calls work.[/quote]\n\nAllowing cheat sheets changes what I can ask on an exam. I cease being able to ask questions about definitions and need to stick with more difficult questions that integrate ideas ... or ask you to just write lots of code. \n\nSince you've been writing code weekly, for labs and assignments, and since there are not actually that many ways that library calls work (they share some basic features), I don't think it's unreasonable to expect that you have an intuition about how they work. It's not that we're expecting you to remember the exact return value of a function. However, it's a general rule that negative return values are errors, and it's a general rule that 0 return values are legal but interesting values (read, fork, ...). If you see a pointer in an argument list, it's often the real return value.</p>
