---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 16:48:59 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I just want to say, i've really enjoyed the assignments in this course, as they've been quite challenging. However, something has been bugging me.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nYou seem to be having trouble marking the assignments. \n\nAn assignment that is assigned as early as A2, shouldn't have its marks delayed until AFTER THE COURSE HAS FINISHED. Looking at the feedback, you ran into issues with grading people's work, and ensuring the right marks are assigned. Even then, it's necessary for students to submit remark requests, to account for certain implementations of the file tree.\n\nIf you're having so much trouble with marking assignments, why don't you be more specific?\n\nSo many things are left "up to us", ie implement a tree with a dummy header in a2, or some other method. Yet we end up losing marks for having a dummy header implementation because your autograder doesn't take it into consideration.\n\nEven IF you do get your code right, the autograder might only give you 50% of what you deserve because you decided to do it differently (after all, certain things are "up to you"). And then you need to spend time writing up the remark request, explaining exactly HOW your code works (which might as well be a small written part of the assignment itself). This is kind of stressful to think about, seeing that it's during EXAM TIME that marks are finally coming out.\n\nI don't want to be thinking about the nitty gritty details of the assignment now. But that's what i'll have to do soon, when A3 and A4 marks come out, because your autograder will have missed SOME TEST CASE. I feel as if half our marks comes from doing the assignment, while the other half is fighting for it with remark requests. \n\nMy request is that in future courses, it will be specific about what is required. "Just follow what rsync does" doesn't cut it. The manpage for it is extremely complicated and even if we find something there that's even remotely similar to what is required for the assignment, it's unclear just how they are related. \n\nAs another example, if encountering a file to file situation in A3, you could specify to print an error.. Rather than something like "Print an error or attempt to replace the file. It's up to you", and then run into problems with the autograder not handling the different cases and deduct marks when we choose the incorrect option.\n\nAlso, for A2, if you could specify exactly ONE option as to how the tree should be built - whether it's using a dummy header or some other implementation - it would be easier on both the students, and you, who has to write an autograder for your assignments. By reducing the number of "cases", it makes it easier on yourself, and it makes it more clear to the student exactly what he/she has to do. Also, we get to have our marks back at an appropriate time. \n\nThank you for your time.[/quote]\n\nThanks for the beautiful bit of feedback. \n\nWe try to walk a pretty narrow line, and with A2, we didn't hit it. On one hand, we do, as you suggest, strive to make things testable. That's why A3 returned the number of processes (so we could easily test the number of [i]fork[/i] calls), for example, and why we have you split some functionality into specific, defined functions. \n\nOn the other hand, we also want to [i]leave more and more decisions to you[/i] the further you go in the program. In year one, we might tell the students to follow a very specific algorithm, but in year two, we want to start asking you to make decisions -- and then, to evaluate you on them. So when we say, "It's up to you," we don't actually mean, "And we don't care what you pick." We often do care. There are right and wrong answers and answers in between.  But we want you to choose what to do, and then we try to evaluate it.</p>
