---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 14 Feb 2018 13:04:19 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I think it would be very helpful if we can get some kind of practice on debugging in our pcrs exercises. Even though we have learned gdb and valgrind, I am finding it extremely challenging to fix memory errors like segmentation fault. Thanks in advance.[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nDebugging C is, in my opinion, all about using gdb effectively to build up a model of what is happening, so you can compare it to your internal model of what should be occurring. When you seg fault, I run a backtrace first, to see where the seg fault is occurring. Then, I look at the code to see if anything obvious jumps out. \n\n1) If the error is occurring on a return or some other line with pointers, there's a very good chance that you had a buffer overrun earlier that destroyed part of your stack.\n\n2) If the line has pointers being used, set breakpoints where those pointers are initialized and updated. If one is not being initialized/updated, then you've found the problem. Otherwise, run the program again, displaying the values of the pointers as you go through to make sure that they (a) match your expectations and (b) don't get modified in unexpected ways.\n\nAs an aside: Debugging is a weakness of PCRS; it doesn't provide good tools, like gdb or valgrind, for investigating what is going wrong. You're best off, I think, in the shell, with full control over the tests you're running and access to the right tools.</p>
