---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 28 Mar 2018 11:06:38 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

This is a cool set of questions.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n[quote]\nHi, Andrew\nI have a couple questions regarding the study space in DH.\n\nI was wondering what the situation is about study space for CS students, are we getting more lab/study space for MCS with the building of the new North building?\n\nI've noticed there are many unused offices on the 3rd and 4th floors, is it possible to open up such offices as work spaces for group work? \n\nWhy is the air condition/ventilation cut off during the weekend in the CS labs, even when there are students working? \nA follow up is why the math and stats room are locked during these times as well. \n\nThere are often many lab computers with significant issues, such as flickering or not working. I understand Andrew Wang is working through it, but is there something as students we can do to not mess them up as much? besides forkbomb XD. \n \nThe lack of lab space for working on projects and assignments is quite limited, and often students are heavily packed into rooms trying to get work done. The lack of space to work together is becoming apparent with not just CS labs such as 2020,2010 and 2026 but overall in the entire building with Stats and Math rooms, Quiet study, 3050 , downstairs by the cafe, Conference rooms on the 3rd floor, and even the couches outside and around the labs.  \n\nWith the increased interest in MCS and overall enrolment increasing I understand you're taking steps with CSC108 and CSC148 conducting open labs to alleviate the space constraints, but with all due respect as 2nd years we still take quite a lot of space up along with the 3rd,4th years combined we just don't have the space to work on assignment heavy days. The department has taken steps in order to not make this university like UTSG, and be able to take more students in, by hiring faculty. However the infrastructure in place is extremely limited to handle the new influx of MCS growing and the possible amount of students incoming to UTM MCS. \n\nThe building during the weekend still has students here in the labs working on assignments, the labs are sweltering hot forcing us to improvise ways to cool ourselves down on weekends. As a human being i believe no one would want to work in a room where simply walking into the room makes you sweat. \n\nFurthermore the booking of labs such as 2026 and 2020 by other departments not requiring Linux computers to run their events/studys, for example the SKIP lab bookings on Thursday from 1-3 in 2026 for a study takes out more people than they take into the lab leaving the room mostly empty , while MCS students working on assignments are forced out mid-way through working on assignments. [/quote]\n\nI pulled in Andrew Wang, our sys admin, to respond since most of these issues are ones that he deals with. I've edited his response slightly:\n\n[quote=Andrew Wang]Sure no problem ... a lot there \n\n1) I haven't seen the plans for the new building.  I imagine there will be more student space though, as the University is pretty committed to it since ... its a long time big request from students.\n\n2) I seriously doubt the University will open up the spare offices.  [.....] tried to get those for MCS instructors and was turned down.\n\n2) Yeah I think the University turns off (or down) the climate control on weekends to save money.  [...]\n\n3) I am assuming the student is talking about the Math TA rooms.  I wasn't aware they were locked on weekends.  I will make sure (or make the request) to have them open.  I was under the impression that they were open 6am till 11pm 7 days.\n\n4) State of the labs.  My big pain point now is failed and failing drives.  [... The physical computers are managed by another group ...] I also think we got a bad batch as we have 10 - 12 failed drives out of 60 PC's.  I currently have 6 tickets open for failed drives and 1 for a PC that can't get an IP [ ... ]  But as to software issues, I'm on those pretty quick ... at least I think I am .\n\n5) As for booking the Linux labs ... after CS gets their courses scheduled into the labs, its open season on booking the labs.  "those aren't your labs" is what I have been told when I've inquired about making changes to the labs.  I don't think we can exclusively claim the labs ... even linux ones as we don't pay for  them.\n\nI agree with all the comments.  [...] I've asked to get upgrades to the MCS labs (memory) and the labs are on a 5 year lease.  I want to bring that down to 3 years as I really think the labs are going to be in rough shape approaching 5 years.  [...]\n\nFeel free to pick and choose what to incorporate.\n\nCheers,\nAndrew[[/quote]\n\nOkay, my turn.\n\nFirst,, I hope by reading Andrew's post, you see the kinds of things that he works on. He's a personable guy. If you encounter a problem with the labs, please let him know. He'll do his best to fix it or will let someone know who can. But he has to know something is wrong to fix it, so please be vocal when you run into a problem.\n\nIn particular, he's sent a note to ask about opening up the TA rooms, and I've sent a note to facilities asking about climate control on the weekends.\n\nSecond, you have to know that in any organization, there will be some scarce resource(s), and groups in the organization will bicker over how to share them. In some organizations, the scarce resource is money. In some cases, it's people. At universities, the most scarce resource is, in my experience, [i]space[/i]. The problem with space is that universities are generally full, it takes a few years to construct a building, and we only get permission for a new building when (a) there's a demonstrated need already and (b) there is money.  \n\nSo, about existing space: The unused offices on the third floor of Deerfield are currently being held by the Dean's Office, and they are allocating them to staff and new faculty as they arrive. I'm hoping, once the new building opens, that we'll get a few of those offices for our new faculty, since there will be space to move the people currently in those offices to locations near their home departments. However, they won't go to students. Someone else will put in a higher priority claim.  \n\nWhat about new space? The new building has classrooms and many study spaces. I think that will help a lot. There are some new "active learning classrooms" with round tables and whiteboards that I think you'll like a lot, and the plan, I believe, is to have them open for student use when there aren't classes in them. \n\nHowever, MCS doesn't have space in that new building. It's primarily being built for humanities and social sciences units. We do have some plans for lab space for research, but that's a couple years out (in a new new building).\n\nThird, regarding bookings: Prof. Zingaro and I have an evil plan. Since we can't reserve the labs without classes and since we're shifting to "open labs", we're starting to schedule labs in every available slot, instead of running multiple labs in parallel. That should cut down on people using the labs for other things ...</p>
