---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 04 Apr 2018 07:40:36 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Since A4 feedback is being pushed back Tuesday evening, will the resubmission deadline be pushed by a day or two or extended for a short period of time. With exams approaching, its extremely difficult to have errors fixed (depending on how many you get) under a stressed amount of time especially with the first round exams coming up in the next few days.[/quote]\n\n[quote]EXTENSION PLSS[/quote]\n\n[quote]I know you are not in favor of extending the deadline by a day as of now but it would help alot of people even thoes who have other things due, there are alot of people in the FB group chat that would be in favor of the deadline being extend by a day. As well the way it's looking rn we are going to have at a maximum of 16 hours to fix out code, at the time of me writing this, depending on when feedback is pushed. Just thought I'd give my opinion. [/quote]\n\nSorry, no. This is a busy time of year, but I previously stated that the 4th was as far back as the deadline could be. [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=8998&pid=30032#pid30032]FWIW, here is my reasoning for not extending the deadline.[/url] Basically: it's not fair to the people who have other deadlines this week that they've planned for. \n\nI feel, perhaps incorrectly, that you're being a bit disingenuous about the "time to fix errors" angle. I mean, you did your own testing, so my tests are just a confirmation ... ? The failed tests that are a surprise --  the ones that reveal a difference between your reading of the assignment and mine -- those are built on existing code, so they're likely easier to fix. Everything else (missing functionality, memory errors, etc.), you should have known were going to fail.\n\nAnd then there's this one ...\n\n[quote]pls extend a4, i will give you my first born[/quote]\n\nThis feels like a disincentive. It costs $250k+ to raise a child in Canada. Take care of your own kids. I don't want them.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
