---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 16:43:21 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I honestly don't agree with using test cases for a course like this. Like for example with A2, a lot of people that understand the core concepts of it (how to traverse a filesystem, opendir, readir, lstat, linked lists etc) still lost a lot of marks due to very small errors in their code. This is because test cases have to be EXACT, so either you get perfect or you get a fail. I wouldn't say that's an accurate assessment at ALL. This course should be about solving problems, understanding syscalls, using a unix environment, debugging big and confusing code with minimal time constraints, etc. It shouldn't be about being EXACTLY correct on your first try. That seems to go against how programming is generally done. I know marking code by reading through it is much more time consuming and difficult, but maybe like when you guys run your test cases, look at all the errors and actually see what went wrong. If it was a minuscule thing, you can still give part mar!
<!-- more -->
<p>\n ks based on how close the person was to the solution. I feel like leaving it on JUST test cases instead of human judgement is just wrong and results in inaccurate assessments. Also, I know you've said that you don't care about marks. I'm sure a lot of people, including myself, would agree with you. If it was possible to just go through university and learn what you';re passionate about without the worry of marks, I would gladly do that. But sadly, that's not how the world works, so we are forced to worry about petty things like marks. Sorry for the long rant, this isn't supposed to be an attack against you or anything, just my opinions on the course.[/quote]\n\nNo need to apologize. Thanks for sending the note!\n\nI think you and I agree completely about what this course should be about, and I'm glad you've had the chance to "debug big and confusing code" and to get familiar with syscalls. \n\nI also wish I could spend more time on each piece of feedback. Bluntly, though: this course is too big for that. I've already written a long statement about why I autotest, and I stand by it: I think that consistency is more important than precision in this particular course. I rely on you to tell me when I've gotten it wrong and to send in a remark request.</p>
