---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 05 Apr 2017 16:54:27 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Weird introduction but... I calculated up all the days we had to spend on assignments and here they are:
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\n10 days for A1\n11 days for A2\n14 days for A3\n13/14 days for A4\n\nTo be honest, without doing up all the math, it mentally felt like A3/A4 we were given significantly less time than the others. This could be due in part to other courses also ramping up their difficulty (sockets were pretty difficult) and trying to juggle those. I would recommend if you could spend a bit more time on sockets and networking for next time. There are also some other things I want to say if you were to run this course next year.\n\nHold more office hours: this could be you, or a TA but I found that they were helpful, despite the carrot-leading. Though I suppose this depends on how many people have visited you this year.\n\nPost the lecture slides. This would be a great aid to direct our studying, and for those who take notes as a volunteer notetaker.\n\nPlease find another person to re-do the PCRS videos. Despite their efforts at being clear and articulate... they are being the opposite. I've had to turn on CC to understand them, and then eventually I started seeing the CC have spelling/timing mistakes.....\n[/quote]\n\nThanks for the very specific suggestions.\n\nA request to anyone reading: If you're having trouble understanding the videos (or if you thought they were perfect), could you send feedback, so I can tally the results?  \n\nI was somewhat surprised by how difficult people found sockets because (a) the formula for setting them up really is a formula; there isn't much deviation and (b) you deal with them just like any other I/O we've encountered this semester. I think there were some issues with how messages were delivered that caused problems, and I'll add some examples that reflect that next year. I think [i]select[/i] also drove people batty.  \n\nI'm unsure about office hours. I totally agree that they're useful, and I wish people would use them more.  But that's the problem: I would bet that, other than people picking up midterms, I saw no more than 20 different students, total, in office hours over the semester. \n\nI'm unsure what you mean by lecture slides. I didn't have any, except for the "this is what is due this week" slide ... ?</p>
