---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 31 Jan 2018 21:15:28 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Out of curiosity, in response to your post about the planning of the course, what would be the perfect scenario in terms of course structure for you?[/quote]\n\nThanks for this question. I sat on it for a day because I haven't thought about planning this course without constraints since I first taught it.\n\nLeaving specific outcomes related to content aside, here is what I hope you get out of this course. A student should be able to ...\n1. ... provide a high-level explanation of how a modern computer executes code at multiple levels, including at the physical, logical, architectural, and software interface layers;\n2. ... identify and explain several examples where abstraction allows us to simplify the process of reasoning about computers; and\n3. ... discuss how the underlying hardware impacts the code that we write, with particular emphasis on correctness and performance.\n\nThose goals influence both the content (additionally, there is some content I am required to cover) and method of delivery. Those goals, to me, require that you become familiar with multiple computing layers, and the best way to do that, in my opinion, is to actively build something in each layer -- and to make them interact. \n\nSo, if we had infinite time and resources, I'd give you a problem: "When you're done, I want to be able to run this recursive assembly program on a machine of your own creation." And I'd give you some resources: "Here's a board that provides access to a small stack of memory and peripherals and access to a fab to create your processor." "Take your time. Work at your own pace. We'll check in on you."\n\n(In reality, the fab is an immediate problem, so we use an FPGA instead. We can build a tolerable MIPS processor on it. However, time is also a problem: we will not get around to building the control circuitry for our procssor, let alonethe minimal OS that would be required to load programs onto it. As a result, in the current course, you get halfway to a working processor, and then we pause and start from the other side (from the software) and get halfway to generating machine code. There's a gap in the middle.)\n\nWhat structure would support a course like that? We'd need a dedicated lab, so you can come and go as you need, leaving your work ready to pick back up again. Students would move through the course at their own pace, pausing to re-discover solutions (or to ask for suggestions) as they encounter problems. We'd need TA support in that lab constantly, and there would need to be a much lower instructor or TA to student ratio, so that we could monitor how students progress.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
