---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 14 Mar 2018 09:43:17 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

There's a lot in this one post, so I'm going to answer it in pieces. (By the way, this was sent on March 11. There's a LOT from March 12, and I'm just going to answer a few that don't need much time to answer. The rest will have to wait.)\n\n[quote]I noticed that this year you guys are accepting 165 people into the program and last year it was 157 students. When looking at responses about how your teaching this course (even 258), you said in an earlier post about changes: \n\n"I'd also like to run "open labs" like we did in CSC108 this year. It would be great if there were TAs on duty 10-6 each day, instead of just on Tuesdays. Like the previous change, that's important to me because you're being expected to "do" things, and it would great if we could provide more on-demand help while you're working."\n\nWouldn't this be easier if you made the courses smaller. There are currently 249 people enrolled in CSC209 as the time of this was written. So there is about 100 people that are not in the program. Isn't there a way to decrease the class sizes, having a minimum mark in a prerequisite to enroll or something to bring the number of students down so that class sizes in second, third and fourth year courses are close to the number of people in POSt.[/quote]\n\nReducing the number of students probably wouldn't help with the vision you've quoted. If the courses were smaller, then there would be more time from the instructor (per student), but we wouldn't actually see an increase in TA hours per student. TAs are assigned to a course based on the enrollment, so you wouldn't actually see much of a change in the number of TA hours per student. The reduction in TAs assigned would make it more difficult to have "open labs" because there won't be enough total TA hours to cover times outside of assigned tutorial hours.\n\nA smaller course [i]would[/i] be easier to run, from an instructor's perspective, though. I'd have a much greater chance of actually spending time, in office hours or lab, with each of you, as I would be spending far less time on logistical work (accommodations, remarking, second midterms, lost work, etc.) that the instructor (or some other central admin staff) needs to handle. Some of that time could be funneled back into extra office hours or time in the lab.\n\nHowever, you do raise a good point that the second year courses are larger than the number of students accepted in the POSt. That difference is made up of students in the CSC minor. The minor is quite large, and while not everyone in the minor takes CSC209 (they have a choice), quite a few do. \n\nThere has been talk among the faculty that the minor should be restricted, as many people take it hoping to transfer into the major later. We took a step in that direction by placing a prerequisite on CSC207 (a required mark in CSC148). However, at the moment, the consensus is that we have a duty, as long as we're able to make it work without impacting the students in the major and specialist programs, to offer a CSC program to as many people as possible, so we don't want to take the step of restricting admissions in the minor like StG has.  \n\n[quote]Does having people not in POSt make the course more challenging so you guys weed out the people not in POSt? I feel that's why the courses seem harder every year. When I see past midterms they seem easier to the ones we write and it will be even harder for people next year when they write their CSC209 midterm.[/quote]\n\nNo, it doesn't. I hear the term "weed out" a lot, and people seem to think that my job is to remove them (or other people) from the program. This comes up a lot in first year. [url=https://mcs.utm.utoronto.ca/~mybb/utmcs/showthread.php?tid=7467&pid=27995#pid27995]It's not my job, and it's not my goal. (Fortunately. Explicitly setting out to remove people from the program would be emotionally difficult work.)[/url] I do, however, have to evaluate whether the students can demonstrate a certain proficiency level.\n\n[quote]Do you think next year's CSC209 or other CS courses will be even larger than it is, and what will you guys do to fix that problem? [/quote]\n\nThey will be as large, I think, but I don't expect a noticeable increase. We didn't see as large an increase in enrollment in first year this year as we did last year, and adding a requirement to CSC207 will reduce pressure in that course (and, as a result, in CSC209).
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
