---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 10 Jan 2018 23:11:21 EST
nav: post
category: CSC258
tags: [7493]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Why does the 40% on the final exam rule still apply in this course? Students cannot get outside help while doing the quizzes. And for labs the TA is suppose to help you and you are suppose to get help while learning. Students cannot get "carried" with the current mark outline.[/quote]\n\nI think that if you earn below 40% on the exam, you didn't get the point of the class. If you earn less than half of the marks on the final assessment, how can you say that you really understand the material?\n\nAt the moment, if you were to earn 50% of the quiz marks in the course and 100% of the lab marks, you would end up with a 35% before the exam and would only need a 30% on the exam to pass the course (assuming that I could resist the urge to bump a student with a 48 or 49 to a 50).  That seems like far too low a score on the exam to pass the course.\n\nBeyond that: While the TAs are doing their best, the labs are not a good environment for invigilating tests. I expect that it would be quite easy to bring in some notes -- or to get some help in the brief bit of chaos as quizzes are collected -- so the problem becomes worse. While they carry weight, we're using quizzes to encourage continuous engagement with the material and to provide feedback when you fall behind. I don't view them, really, as a supervised assessment.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
