---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 09 Nov 2016 02:18:39 EST
nav: post
category: CSC108
tags: [4045]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]The instructions for the last two assignments were very vague and unclear. If it is possible more information on the functions be provided in the future.[/quote]\n\nand\n\n[quote]I felt that Assignment 2 was over complicated for no reason. I don't think it's fair that an entry level computer programming course should have you trying to decipher and understand a concept (DNA) that has nothing to do with learning how to utilise the Python language. It felt like a cheap shot. The assignments should be simple to understand. The challenge and measuring of skill should come from how efficient our programs are and how neat our code is. Everyone I've talked to has felt the same way: the difficulty laid in finding out what the hell the descriptions were trying to say instead of not knowing what programming methods to use. Thanks for your time and I hope you take this feedback in to account going forward.[/quote]\n\nThanks for your feedback -- and I'm very sorry you're frustrated. However, I think that the difficulty you're experiencing is something we're building in intentionally.\n\nWhile learning to read and write syntactically correct Python is one goal of this course, it's not the only goal. Another (equally important, in my mind) is learning how to develop programs, and that includes working out what you're being asked to write -- whether or not you're familiar with the context of the problem. As a result, one of the goals of this class is to have you work through the process of understanding a problem. That involves reading descriptions of the problem, trying out possible interpretations, generating and validating examples, and eventually solving the problem in different ways.\n\nI suspect that you'll find A3 to be significantly more challenging -- and less specified -- than either A1 or A2. The key will be working through examples to develop an understanding of what is being asked for. If you run into problems (or as you encounter unspecified details), please post on the discussion board or drop into lab or office hours to get a pointer.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
