---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 14 Mar 2018 07:57:26 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]This is not related to the course but more something I'd like your opinion on. Aside from the POSt system one of the things I find most frustrating about this university is that we need to pay for things that I feel should not be monetized, the first example of this that comes to mind is Exam Reproduction Request, as well as the Exam Re-Read Request (up until this year). \n\nWhen I ask other people I know that go to other universities or colleges they have never had to pay to see their exam or have it remarked (they think I'm yanking their leg or something when I tell them that we need to pay $15 for each) Do you think it's fair or normal to have students pay for these fees on top of the already high school fees (relative to other Ontario universities)?[/quote]\n\nI don't have much to say about "fair" (currently, it's charged to everyone who wants an exam, versus charging everyone at the university a portion of their fees, which would go up if reproduction fees disappeared), but I agree that it's not normal. I haven't had a similar system anywhere that I've studied. \n\nHowever, anywhere that I've studied, the profs also ran the exams (there were no invigilators), exams were scheduled roughly during class time, and they were only worth 20-30% of the grade. There just isn't the same emphasis put on exams in many places, and there isn't the same infrastructure in place to set, hold, and then store exams. (And by "store" I mean "place in a room that is secured like a bank vault.") I suspect that's why there is a fee: first, they're charging you the cost of someone's time to find the exam and reproduce it, and second, they're discouraging "curiosity" requests for exam reviews / remarks because the burden of serving those requests would fall on a small number of people in the Office of the Registrar who wouldn't be able to handle getting an exam copy to every student.  \n\nOnce the costs of locating (finding the right exam among thousands is non-trivial) and reproducing exams goes down (when exams are scanned for marking), I expect reproduction requests will go away.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
