---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 08 Mar 2017 14:58:01 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I think one of the reasons why students may be struggling in the midterm while the difficulty is comparable to other classes is the PCRS and the invertedness of the class? I'm not sure if previous classes have done this; but I believe it's made (myself for sure) very reliant to just look things up on google or go back to look something up on PCRS to get the way on how to do a specific task and it's not sticking with me.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nDuring the midterm I was like, ah dang, if I saw this question in-class I'd just quickly google, "how do you malloc an entire struct?" again, rather than absorbing it if it was taught by someone..? If that makes sense. I feel like I just quickly look up what I need when I need it and forget about it afterwards, instead of sitting in a lecture and learning something.\n\nJust some thoughts and my 2 cents. It may not be that.[/quote]\n\nThanks for sharing your thoughts!\n\nIt could well be the structure of the course. However, the idea that lecture is superior to activities runs counter to a great deal of established work, so while I think it's perfectly fair to say, "This implementation of an inverted classroom isn't working!", I don't think we can confidently say, "Lecture is a better method for learning how to program." That result would be a surprise, and I'd need evidence before jumping to that conclusion.\n\nWe also have some local data. We've run CSC108 as an inverted course for a few years, and CSC209 has been run as an inverted course downtown. In both cases, we studied the courses.\n\nIn the CSC108 study, one potentially related observation is that [i]midterm marks were lower in the inverted course than in previous offerings[/i]. After doing some analysis, the authors (not me, but folks downtown) suggested that students simply submitted the problems and felt comfortable with the material -- i.e., that the exercises created a false sense of security. Then, they got hammered on the midterm. The good news [i]for that particular course[/i] is that [i]marks overall ended up better in the inverted course, and overall attrition was the same[/i]. Students who did less well on the midterm ended up doing very well on the final exam, and the authors attributed that to having the videos and other resources available, so they could "catch up". Take all that with a grain of salt -- there's a lot of speculation there.\n\nIn the inverted version of CSC209 that we studied, we didn't see a dip on the midterm. Overall marks in the course stayed relatively flat, but attrition (the number of drops) decreased. Again, take that with a grain of salt -- we're seeing a different pattern here.\n\nAll that being said ...\n\n[quote]During the midterm I was like, ah dang, if I saw this question in-class I'd just quickly google, "how do you malloc an entire struct?" again[/quote]\n\nThis seems like a key issue, and I'm glad you shared it. I'm guilty of using google to extract information -- it's a tool, and there is more information than we can memorize. However, I'd be very careful about the difference between googling terms ("What options does 'malloc' take?") versus actions ("How do I ...") The former is an attempt to augment your memory, so you don't have to memorize arguments, MACRO names, or flags. The latter is looking up a solution to a problem -- it's potentially short-circuiting the problem solving and design we're asking you to do. \n\nBut anyway. Either way, once you have a solution, please [b]pause, review what you've written, and reflect[/b] on what it is that you did that works. The "reflection" step helps with the storage of ideas. You can't rely on google for everything, and if you're just moving on as soon as something works, I'm not surprised that it's not sticking. Some things need to become automatic, and that takes effort to get them into memory.</p>
