---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 28 Mar 2018 11:56:00 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

I don't, as a rule, post things that disparage or attack other people. Me, sure, though I might censor language based on this being a professional board. The messages are being sent to me, after all. However, I'm not making anonymous feedback a posterboard for ad hominem attacks (in this case, on an administrator).  \n\nSo, I did censor this post considerably. Any changes I made are in "[ ... ]".\n\n[quote]let's just give everyone hope by fucking lying to everyone, then changing post requirements 3 weeks before decisions are made because [... ad hominem ...]\n\n[... venting ...] they dont respect your wishes or ours (although that's been clear from fucking day one). wouldn't be surprised if we hear about suicides here the way we do at waterloo. what a fucking disgusting place this is[/quote]\n\nFirst, I [i]strongly[/i] hope that is OP wrong about the pressure of getting into POSt leading to suicides. I understand that the pressure of reaching our benchmarks is stressful, but if you, or someone else, is contemplating self-harm, [i]please get help.[/i] UTM has a [url=http://www.utm.utoronto.ca/health/]medical clinic[/url] that provides some counseling services, including same-day counseling, and there are [url=https://www.reddit.com/r/UofT/comments/6yxq87/health_wellness_resources/]non-university affiliated support services[/url], as well. If it's less urgent than that, you're welcome to talk to Yvette Ye, our undergraduate academic counselor, or to me, about the program.  \n\nSecond, if you're trying to make a point, you need to (a) understand the situation and (b) put together a cogent argument. By failing to do the former, you become a distraction. By failing to do the latter, you risk inflaming the situation.  \n\nFinally, to respond: While I don't always agree with decisions that are made, I do respect that people making the decisions are doing so for reasons that are important. In this example, I do not know -- I am not privy to -- concerns about accreditation, for example, or the penalties for not being in alignment with policies. However, if the person whose job it is to support and fund campus academic programs tells me that something cannot or must not be done, I argue against it I think the decision is incorrect, and if that doesn't work, I find a way to work with their decision. Yes, I try to find solutions that minimize impact on students (hence, the waiver process ...), but I have to make those solutions work within the parameters that have been set.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
