---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous feedback responses"
date: Wed, 22 Feb 2017 18:35:45 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [4649]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]why do you require the assignments to reuse our old assignments? if we did bad a2, then a3 is only going to get worse[/quote]
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nWe're explicitly chaining the assignments in this course because (a) it lets us provide interesting problems without requiring lots of starter code and (b) we see value in having you revise and update code. In particular, we think it's valuable that you have the chance to reuse code, because it might give you a sense of the kind of stylistic and design choices make it harder for you to understand and repurpose code you've written in the past.\n\nNow, let me got on my soapbox and preach a bit ... \n\nAlmost everything in a CSC course builds on previous material. Just because you leave 148 doesn't mean you can forget recursion, and getting past 236 doesn't mean that you can run screaming away from finite state machines and the idea of induction. \n\nAssignments are similar. Even when one assignment doesn't explicitly build on another, the latter assignment will almost always build on skills developed in the former -- and require perspectives and structures you've developed from the previous assignment. \n\nIf you have trouble with a topic in a course (or assignment), my advice is to spend some time polishing those skills and making sure you're ready to move on. Getting a bad grade isn't an opportunity to drop a topic and start fresh on the next course or assignment; it's a warning that you've missed something you're going to need.</p>
