---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 28 Mar 2018 14:05:20 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Now that course evaluations are open, I’m curious, do those actually do anything? As I’m sure you’ve heard, STA256 is notorious for being a difficult course. It had a D+ average as compared to C+ for CSC236 (also a difficult course!). \n\nThere’s just way too much content in that course, our “comprehensive” exam did not even include material from the first half of the course and still came out to be a 3 hour exam. Personally, that course was the most hectic course I’ve taken.\n\nFor many students, it’s the first (and last) stats course they will ever take. Way back when Prof Sharmin was a student at UTM, even she found the course difficult, deciding to drop the course and take it at a later time. STA256 has dissuaded plenty from exploring the statistics discipline. It seems like year after year, not much has changed. \n\nI think that’s a big reason as why so few student fill out course evals, 1. It seems like our feedback has little to no effect, and 2. The feedback we provide is for the next offering of the course, not for the current one. One benefit of anonymous feedback is that, it establishes a communication channel for students on the state of the course. The only profs I know who read evaluations are you and Dan, which is really great (not that other profs don’t read them). \n\nMaybe this is the wrong place to send this, but I just wanted your opinion on this. [/quote]\n\nYes, course evaluations have an impact. However, they may not have the impact you want, and different instructors handle them differently.\n\nHow might they have impact? The Chair reviews feedback. It's used as one component of merit pay increases each year, and consistent low evaluations could lead the Chair to put supports in place to try to help train the instructor. Ultimately, this could lead an instructor to not be rehired or for a faculty member on a promotion track to not be promoted. This has more impact on some instructors (new instructors, usually) than others (errr ... me). The department leadership (either a Chair or a curriculum committee) can also use feedback for a course as evidence to call for a program to restructure its curriculum or to update a course.  \n\nWhy hasn't that happened with 256? I don't know. I'm not privy to the feedback received about 256, nor have I evaluated the course in any way. I trust the faculty who often teaches it (Prof. Nosedal-Sanchez) to not ignore feedback, but he may not be able or willing to make the changes you want. \n\nAgain: I don't know anything about STA256, so don't take my comments as reflections of that course. Instead, pretend I'm talking about CSC258, as you might levy similar charges against it: it covers a great deal of material, and students find it difficult. So, why doesn't feedback always have the impact you want? There are a couple decent reasons and a couple bad ones.\n\nFirst, we don't necessarily interpret data the same way that you do. We have a different perspective and goals from you. Students providing evidence that a course is difficult might lead them to conclude that the course needs to be changed. It might lead an instructor to conclude that more supports are needed but that the challenge is warranted or is even desirable.\n\nSecond, we are constrained by the curriculum. While we might agree with some feedback, we cannot (well, [i]should not[/i]) just remove content from a course if that content is required by the course description or program map. If other courses rely on material a course, it has to be there. Similarly, if the program relies on the course to expose students to certain ideas the faculty have decided are important, they have to be there.  The instructor can push for the curriculum to change, but if the department doesn't agree or if it is not a priority, then those changes can be rejected or deferred. In those cases, the course content remains the same until circumstances change. (For example, in 258, I have pushed for digital design to be dropped in favor of more architecture for some time, but there isn't a consensus about which material should be dropped / added, so discussions continue.)\n\nThird, we don't always have time or think it is a high enough priority to make the change. This is the only bad reason, in my opinion, of the three I've presented so far, but sometimes it's not avoidable. I'm guilty of it: I didn't get around to reworking the labs to use something other than Quartus last summer, so the course remained the same for another year. It's a higher priority this year, but 108 and 209 were higher priorities last year, and I have other responsibilities than just teaching.\n\nFourth, some profs just don't care. It happens, and it's frustrating, but it does happen.  \n\nAll that being said: please take feedback seriously. It's important for us when making decisions, and it provides valuable information about how to change the courses we'e working on. I'm glad that you find anonymous feedback to be a useful way to provide feedback to instructors, and I'm very glad that you seem to think that the instructors in CS are reacting to feedback in appropriate ways. \n\nFor me: I know that I don't make as many changes as some students would like (changing course mid-stream is complex, and I don't feel I have enough time in-term to think through major changes), but I want to assure you that even when a comment doesn't directly lead to an immediate change, I seriously consider the comments I receive. In particular, I revisit past terms' feedback -- both from the anonymous feedback mechanism and course evaluations -- before preparing a new version of a course. I suspect other faculty, like Prof. Zingaro, use feedback in a similar manner, so please take it seriously.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
