---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 17 Jan 2018 10:24:19 EST
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]This isn't related to the course but I was just curious, what are your usual working hours like? you sound like you're always really busy. And also when you get free time what do you usually do?[/quote]\n\nOne of the nice things about this job is that there aren't "usual" working hours. Things change a lot, and I have a great deal of flexibility. The downside of that is that if you like working, you end up working all the time. \n\nSo, just as an example: yesterday, I worked from 6-7:30 on some research; was on campus from 9-5 for office hours, class, and class prep; and then worked 9-1:30 on email and a bit more research. That's a fairly heavy day. I usually take some time off either in the morning or in the evening. However, it's early in the term (which is always busy), and I have a deadline coming up. Research papers for ITiCSE are due on Monday.  \n\nOn weekends, I typically work early mornings and evenings and spend the day with family. I'm going to sound like a really old man now, but: I was a far more interesting person when I was young, and your parents were probably more interesting people before they had you. Now that I have kids, basically all of my free time goes to them. We go hiking and skiing, tend a garden, and play boardgames. When I have some free time, I brew beer and build things/work on the house.
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
