---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 14 Mar 2018 07:48:50 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]I really appreciate the anonymous feedback discussion along with your detailed answer. When times are tough like these, reading your response and the struggle you had really encourages me to work harder. You should develop an anonymous feedback just for CS students so that when we are finish with this course, we can still have a way to talk to you and ask questions.
<!-- more -->
<p>\n\nMy question is how do you feel the courses at UoFT or more specifically UTM compare to other universities such as Ryerson, Waterloo, etc in terms of difficulty and content? I've heard that CS courses at Ryerson are a bit easier but does that mean the content doesn't compare to the courses here? [/quote]\n\nThank you!\n\nI haven't looked at Ryerson, though a [url=https://www.ryerson.ca/calendar/2018-2019/programs/science/computer_sci/]quick glance at their program[/url] suggests that they split up their courses a bit differently. (For example, C and intro systems are in different courses.) They require 31 CSC-related courses (about 15.5 credits, to try to make it comparable) -- roughly comparable to our specialist. [url=http://www.scs.ryerson.ca/~dwoit/courses/cps590/CPS590TestFromW17.jpg]You can also look at a few of the tests in their courses, to get a sense of difficulty.[/url] \n\nOverall -- and again, without looking at it in detail -- it looks like their CS (and Waterloo's) are fairly similar in structure to ours. Our program has more required theory and math. I can't really judge difficulty; that depends on the expectations of the instructors and probably varies from course to course.</p>
