---
layout: post
title: "RE: Anonymous Feedback Responses"
date: Wed, 28 Mar 2018 10:33:03 EDT
nav: post
category: CSC209
tags: [7467]
---

* content
{:toc}

[quote]Hi, Professor!\n\nAs someone who just finished A3, if you wouldn't mind, I'd just like to share some quick thoughts on it.\n\nFirstly, the basic idea of it was quite simple, but actually getting to implementing everything with pipes, processes, pipes within different processes, I got quite stuck at planning everything out, and was scared I wouldn't be able to do it at all. In the end, after the initial (continuous) cursing and checking on (living in) the discussion board, it was undeniably a fun assignment. It always seems so easy after doing it. Hope you don;t get much fire on this one.\n\nWhat I'd like to stress on is the assignment handout. While a lot of it didn't make the most sense until having implemented it (which is normal), a lot of the wording threw me off. The whole purpose of make_stage was a problematic area for most, and it didn't help when the wording was confusing. For example, the handout said the child process "returns the value 0, to signal that it should handle the next stage"; it's essentially saying (A returns 0 to signal that it should do X). "It" (technically) refers to A (since it was the subject) instead of what called A. Knowing that returning is usually the end of a function, then it's obviously not that same process, but it still could've been anything else since "it" was used ambiguously.\n\nIt's a small thing, yes, but could you believe it got me stuck for a while?[/quote]\n\nThanks! I'm glad you had fun with it. \n\nYou're right that pronouns can cause problems if it is not clear what the pronoun's antecedent is. I don't know that I agree that this particular pronoun is ambiguous, though. "IT should handle the next stage" must refer to code running within a process (not the "return value," which is the subject of the sentence).
<!-- more -->
<p></p>
